State Farm Florida car policy form 1012826: Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage Selection or Rejection
Form: 1012826
Insurers: State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company; State Farm Fire and Casualty Company
Product: personal_car
Source: Florida OIR IRFS filing 24-098215 (approved 12/03/2024), document 619500
Extraction: pdftotext; OIR approval stamp and page numbers removed
Retrieved: 2026-09-26

State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company
State Farm Fire and Casualty Company
Acknowledgment of Coverage
Selection or Rejection
Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage — Florida
YOU ARE ELECTING NOT TO PURCHASE
CERTAIN VALUABLE COVERAGE WHICH
PROTECTS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY OR YOU ARE
PURCHASING UNINSURED MOTORIST LIMITS
LESS THAN YOUR BODILY INJURY LIABILITY
LIMITS WHEN YOU SIGN THIS FORM. PLEASE
READ CAREFULLY.
Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage provides for payment of
certain benefits for damages caused by owners or operators of
uninsured motor vehicles because of bodily injury or death
resulting therefrom. Such benefits may include payments for
certain medical expenses, lost wages, and pain and suffering,
subject to limitations and conditions contained in the policy. For
the purpose of this coverage an uninsured motor vehicle may
include a motor vehicle as to which the bodily injury liability limits,
if any, are less than your damages.
This coverage can be purchased in either a “Stacking” form or,
for a reduction in premium, a “Non-Stacking” form. "Stacking"
is not available for policies with a named insured that is not a
natural person.
If you select the Stacking option, and you or a resident family
member are injured by an uninsured motorist, and the injured
person’s damages exceed the limits of the policy on the motor
vehicle which the injured person is occupying, the injured person
can add the coverage under two or more household policies to
determine the limit of coverage that may be available to him/her.
If you select the Non-Stacking option and you or a resident
family member are injured by an uninsured motorist, except as
provided in (1) below, the injured person may not add together
coverage under two or more household policies to determine the
total limits of coverage that may be available to him/her. Except
as provided in (1) below, the coverage available to the injured
person is only the coverage available as to that motor vehicle
he/she was occupying. The non-stacking form is also subject to
the following:
(1) If the injured person is occupying a motor vehicle not owned
by him/her or a family member who resides with him/her,
he/she may add to the coverage on the car occupied the
highest limits of coverage afforded for any one vehicle
insured by him/her or any family member who resides with
him/her.
(2) If the injured person is occupying a motor vehicle owned by
him/her or a family member who resides with him/her, there
is no coverage if uninsured motorist coverage was not
purchased on that vehicle.
(3) If the injured person is not occupying a motor vehicle at the
time of the accident, he/she may select the coverage
afforded for any one vehicle insured by him/her or any
family member who resides with him/her. No other policy
will apply.
Signature on
next page
SRU FL
1012826 2000 160422 200 08-15-2024
Acknowledgment of Coverage Selection or Rejection — Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage — Florida, page 2 of 2
Selection or Rejection of Coverage
Florida law requires that motor vehicle liability policies include “stacking” Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage, unless you select
“non-stacking” coverage. “Stacking” is not available for policies with a named insured that is not a natural person. The selected
coverage must be at limits equal to the Liability Coverage limits for bodily injury in your policy, unless you select lower limits of
coverage. You also have the right to reject Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage.
Select one of the options below:
I reject all forms of Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage.
I reject the stacking form of Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage and, instead, select the non-stacking form of Uninsured Motor
Vehicle Coverage with limits equal to my Liability Coverage limits for bodily injury.
I reject the stacking form of Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage with limits equal to my Liability Coverage limits for bodily injury
and, instead, select the stacking form of Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage with lower limits of $X,XXX,XXX / $X,XXX,XXX
Each Person
Each Accident
I reject the stacking form of Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage with limits equal to my Liability Coverage limits for bodily injury
and, instead, select the non-stacking form of Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage with lower limits of $X,XXX,XXX / $X,XXX,XXX
Each Person
Each Accident
I understand and agree that, unless a named insured requests in writing the deletion of such limitations and pays the appropriate
premium for such coverage, this acknowledgment of coverage selection or rejection shall be:
(1) binding on all insureds under the policy; and
(2) applicable to the policy of insurance described below, and to any policy which renews, extends, changes, supersedes,
or replaces this policy with the same bodily injury liability limits.
Application/Policy number
Agent code
Named Insured(s) or Spouse (as appearing on the application or policy)
#$S01 - for office use only
#$D01 - for office use only
Signature of any Named Insured/Applicant
(If a business, a company representative should print and sign here)
Date (MM/DD/YYYY)
SRU FL
1012826 2000 160422 200 08-15-2024
