State Farm Florida Personal Car Policy Booklet, form 9810C
Insurers: State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company; State Farm Fire and Casualty Company
Source: Florida OIR IRFS filing 24-098215 (approved 12/03/2024, effective new 01/02/2026, renewal 03/14/2026), document 619492 (side-by-side comparison, 9810A vs 9810C)
Extraction: right-hand column only (9810C), pdftotext -layout cropped at x>=306 of 612 pt; page footers and repeated headers removed. Replace with the clean approved 9810C document (11/25/2024) when available.
Retrieved: 2026-09-26

FLORIDA STATE FARM PERSONAL
               CAR POLICY BOOKLET
                       9810C
                           THIS POLICY
1.   This policy consists of:
     a. the most recently issued Declarations;
     b. the policy booklet version shown on that Declarations; and

     c.   any applicable endorsements shown on that Declarations.

2.   This policy contains all of the agreements between all named
     insureds who are shown on the Declarations and all applicants
     and:
     a. us; and
     b. any of our agents.
3.   We agree to provide insurance according to the terms of this
     policy:
     a. based on payment of premium for the coverages chosen;
          and
     b. unless otherwise stated on the Declarations, in reliance on the
          following statements:

          (1) Neither you nor any member of your household has,
                within the past three years, had either:
                (a) a license to drive; or
                (b) a vehicle registration
                suspended, revoked, or refused.
          (2) Your cars are used for pleasure and business.
4.   All named insureds shown on the Declarations and all applicants
     agree by acceptance of this policy that:
     a. the statements in 3.b. above are made by such named
          insured or applicant and are true; and
     b. we provide this insurance on the basis those statements are
          true.
5.   Your purchase of this policy may allow:
     a. you to purchase or obtain certain coverages, coverage
          options, coverage deductibles, coverage limits, or coverage
          terms on other products from the State Farm Companies,
          subject to their applicable eligibility rules; or

     b.   the premium or price for other products or services
          purchased by you, including non-insurance products or
          services, to vary. Such other products or services must be
          provided by the State Farm Companies or by an
          organization that has entered into an agreement or contract
          with the State Farm Companies. The State Farm
          Companies do not warrant the merchantability, fitness, or
          quality of any product or service offered or provided by that
          organization.

                            DEFINITIONS
We define certain words and phrases below for use throughout the
policy. Each coverage includes additional definitions only for use with
that coverage. These definitions apply to the singular, plural,
possessive, and any other form of these words and phrases. Defined
words and phrases are printed in boldface italics.

The words “spouse”, “marriage”, “married”, and “marital” refer to the
legal union between two persons that is recognized by and valid under
the law of the state into which such union was entered.

Bodily Injury means bodily injury to a person and sickness, disease,
or death that results from it.
Car means a land motor vehicle with four or more wheels, designed
for use primarily on public roads. Car does not include:

1.   Any vehicle while located for use as a dwelling or other premises;
     or
2. A truck-tractor designed to pull any type of trailer.
Car Business means a business or job where the purpose is to sell,
lease, rent, repair, service, modify, transport, store, or park land motor
vehicles or any type of trailer.
Emergency Medical Condition means a medical condition
manifesting itself by acute symptoms of sufficient severity, which may
include severe pain, such that the absence of immediate medical
attention could reasonably be expected to result in any of the following:

1. Serious jeopardy to patient health;
2. Serious impairment to bodily functions; or
3. Serious dysfunction of any bodily organ or part.
Fungi means any type or form of fungus or fungi and includes:
1. Mold;
2. Mildew; and
3. Any of the following that are produced or released by fungi:
     a. Mycotoxins;
     b. Spores;
     c. Scents; or
     d. Byproducts.
Medical Expenses means reasonable charges incurred for
medically necessary medical, surgical, X-ray, dental, and
rehabilitative services, including medically necessary prosthetic
devices and medically necessary ambulance, hospital, and nursing
services.
Medical Expenses do not include any:
1. massage as defined in s. 480.033, Florida Statutes;
2. acupuncture as defined in s. 457.102, Florida Statutes;
3. services, care, treatment, or supplies provided by any massage
     therapist; or
4. services, care, treatment, or supplies provided by any
     acupuncturist.
Medically Necessary means a medical service or supply that a
prudent physician would provide for the purpose of preventing,

diagnosing, or treating an illness, injury, disease, or symptom in a
manner that is:
1. in accordance with generally accepted standards of medical
     practice;
2. clinically appropriate in terms of type, frequency, extent, site, and
     duration; and
3. not primarily for the convenience of the patient, physician, or other
     healthcare provider.
Motor Vehicle means a vehicle with four or more wheels that:
1. is self-propelled and is of a type:
     a. designed for; and
     b. required to be licensed for use on Florida highways; or
2. is a trailer or semitrailer designed for use with a vehicle described
     in 1. above.
Motor Vehicle does not include:
1. a mobile home; or
2. any motor vehicle which is:
     a. used in mass transit, other than public school transportation;

     b.     designed to transport more than five passengers, exclusive
            of the operator; and
      c. owned by a municipality, a transit authority, or a political
            subdivision of the state.
Newly Acquired Car means a car newly owned by you or a resident
relative.
A car ceases to be a newly acquired car on the earlier of:
1. the effective date and time when that car is added to the
      “VEHICLE SCHEDULE” of this policy;
2. the effective date and time of a policy, including any binder, issued
      by us or any other company that describes the car as an insured
      vehicle; or
3. the end of the 14th calendar day immediately following the date
      the car is delivered to you or a resident relative.
If this policy does not provide Comprehensive Coverage or Collision
Coverage for any vehicle shown in the “VEHICLE SCHEDULE” on the
Declarations and a newly acquired car is not otherwise afforded
comprehensive coverage or collision coverage by any other policy,
then:
      1. this policy will provide Comprehensive Coverage or Collision
          Coverage for that newly acquired car and a temporary
          substitute car replacing that newly acquired car; and
      2. the Definition of Covered Vehicle found in Physical Damage
          Coverages is changed to read:
            Covered Vehicle means:
            1. a newly acquired car; and
            2. a temporary substitute car that is temporarily
                 replacing a newly acquired car.
            A covered vehicle also includes the parts and equipment
            that are common to the use of the vehicle as a vehicle.
No-Fault Act means the Florida Motor Vehicle No-Fault Law and any
amendments.
Non-Owned Car means a car that is in the lawful possession of you
or any resident relative and that neither:
1. is owned by:
      a. you;
      b. any resident relative;

     c.   any other person who resides primarily in your household;
          or
    d. an employer of any person described in a., b., or c. above;
          nor
2. has been operated by, rented by, or in the possession of:
    a. you; or
    b. any resident relative
    during any part of each of the 31 or more consecutive days
    immediately prior to the date of the accident or loss.
Occupying means in, on, entering, or exiting.
Our means the Company issuing this policy as shown on the
Declarations.
Owned By means:
1. owned by;
2. registered to; or
3. leased, if the lease is written for a period of 6 months or more, to.

Pedestrian means a person who is not occupying:
1. a motor vehicle;
2. a self-propelled vehicle; or
3. a trailer or other vehicle attached to a self-propelled vehicle

Person means a human being.
Private Passenger Car means:
1. a car of the private passenger type, other than a pickup truck,
     van, minivan, or sport utility vehicle, designed primarily to carry
     persons and their luggage; or
2. a pickup truck, van, minivan, or sport utility vehicle:
     a. while not used for:
          (1) wholesale; or
          (2) retail
          pick up or delivery; and
     b. that has a Gross Vehicle Weight Rating of 10,000 pounds or
          less.
Reasonable Charge, which includes reasonable expense, means an
amount determined by us to be reasonable in accordance with the No-
Fault Act, considering one or more of the following:
1. usual and customary charges;
2. payments accepted by the provider;
3. reimbursement levels in the community;
4. various federal and state medical fee schedules applicable to
     motor vehicle and other insurance coverages;
5. the schedule of maximum charges in the No-Fault Act,
6. other information relevant to the reasonableness of the charge for
     the service, treatment, or supply; or
7. Medicare coding policies and payment methodologies of the
     federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, including
     applicable modifiers, if the coding policy or payment methodology
     does not constitute a utilization limit.

Relative means a person, other than you, who is:
1. related to any named insured in any degree by blood, by
    marriage, or by adoption and who makes their home in the same
    family unit with that named insured, whether or not temporarily
    living elsewhere, or

2.   a ward or foster child of any named insured or of a person
     described in 1. above and who makes their home in the same
     family unit with that named insured.

Resident Relative means a person, other than you, who resides primarily
with the first person shown as a named insured on the Declarations and
who is:
1. related to you by blood, marriage, or adoption, including your
      unmarried and unemancipated child who is away at school and
      otherwise maintains their primary residence with the first person
      shown as a named insured on the Declarations; or

2.   a ward or a foster child of you or a person described in 1. above.

State Farm Companies means one or more of the following:
1. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company;
2. State Farm Fire and Casualty Company; and
3. Subsidiaries or affiliates of either 1. or 2. above.
Temporary Substitute Car means a car that is in the lawful possession
of the person operating it and that:
1. replaces a your car or a newly acquired car for a short time
      while that car is out of use due to its:
      a. breakdown;
      b. repair;
      c. servicing;
      d. damage; or
      e. theft; and
2. neither you nor the person operating it own or have registered.

If a car qualifies as both a non-owned car and a temporary
substitute car, then coverage will apply as if the car were either.

Trailer means:
1. a trailer:
     a. designed to be pulled by a private passenger car;
     b. not designed to carry persons; and
     c. while not used as premises for office, store, or display
          purposes; or
2. a farm implement or farm wagon while being pulled on public
     roads by a car.
Us means the Company issuing this policy as shown on the
Declarations.
We means the Company issuing this policy as shown on the
Declarations.
You or Your means the named insured or named insureds shown on
the Declarations. If a named insured shown on the Declarations is a
person, then “you” or “your” includes the spouse of the first person
shown as a named insured if the spouse resides primarily with that
named insured.
Your Car means the car or cars shown in the “VEHICLE SCHEDULE”
on the Declarations. Your Car does not include a car that you no
longer own or lease.

     LIABILITY COVERAGE - Bodily Injury and Property
                      Damage
This policy provides Liability Coverage if a premium is shown under
“Coverage Symbol A” in the “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the
Declarations.
Additional Definition
Insured means:
1. you and resident relatives for:
     a. the ownership, maintenance, or use of:
           (1) a your car;
           (2) a newly acquired car; or
           (3) a trailer; and
     b. the maintenance or use of:
           (1) a non-owned car; or
           (2) a temporary substitute car;
2. you for the maintenance or use of a car owned by, or furnished by
     an employer to, a person who resides primarily in the household of
     the first person shown as a named insured on the Declarations.
     That car cannot be owned by you or furnished by your employer;

3.  any other person for their use of:
    a. a your car;
    b. a newly acquired car;
    c. a temporary substitute car; or
    d. a trailer while attached to a car described in a., b., or c.
          above.
    Such vehicle must be used within the scope of your express or
    implied permission; and
4. any other person or organization vicariously liable for the use of
    a vehicle by an insured as defined in 1., 2., or 3. above, but only
    for such vicarious liability. This provision applies only if the vehicle
    is:
    a. neither owned by, nor hired by, that other person or
          organization, unless the vehicle is a your car or a newly
          acquired car; and
    b. neither available for, nor being used for, carrying persons
          for a charge.
Insured does not include the United States of America or any of the
Federal Government’s departments or agencies.
Insuring Agreement
1. We will pay damages an insured becomes legally liable to pay
    because of:
    a. bodily injury to others; and
    b. damage to property
    caused by an accident that involves a vehicle for which that
    insured is provided Liability Coverage by this policy.
2. We have the right to:
    a. investigate, negotiate, and settle any claim or lawsuit;
    b. defend an insured in any claim or lawsuit, with attorneys
          chosen by us; and
    c. appeal any award or legal decision
    for damages payable under this policy’s Liability Coverage.
Supplementary Payments

We will pay, in addition to the damages described in the Insuring
Agreement of this policy’s Liability Coverage, those items listed below
that result from such accident:
1. Attorney fees for attorneys chosen by us to defend an insured
      who is sued for such damages. We have no duty to pay attorney
      fees incurred after we deposit in court or pay the amount due
      under the Insuring Agreement of this policy’s Liability Coverage;

     Attorney fees for attorneys representing the person or entity
     asserting a claim against an insured are not a covered court cost,
     cost or expense under the Supplementary Payments provision
     of this coverage in this policy;

2.   Court costs awarded by the court against an insured and
     resulting from that part of the lawsuit:
     a. that seeks damages payable under this policy’s Liability
           Coverage; and
     b. against which we defend an insured with attorneys chosen
           by us.
     We have no duty to pay court costs incurred after we deposit in
     court or pay the amount due under the Insuring Agreement of
     this policy’s Liability Coverage;
3.   Interest the insured is legally liable to pay on damages payable
     under the Insuring Agreement of this policy’s Liability Coverage:

     a.   before a judgment, but only the interest on the lesser of:

          (1) that part of the damages we pay; or
          (2) this policy’s applicable Liability Coverage limit; and

     b. after a judgment.
     We have no duty to pay interest that accrues after we deposit in
     court, pay, or offer to pay, the amount due under the Insuring
     Agreement of this policy’s Liability Coverage. We also have no
     duty to pay interest that accrues on any damages paid or payable
     by a party other than the insured or us;

4.   Premiums for bonds, provided by a company chosen by us,
     required to appeal a decision in a lawsuit against an insured. We
     have no duty to:
     a. pay for any bond with a face amount that exceeds this
          policy’s applicable Liability Coverage limit;
     b. furnish or apply for any bonds; or
     c. pay premiums for bonds purchased after we deposit in court,
          pay, or offer to pay, the amount due under the Insuring
          Agreement of this policy’s Liability Coverage; and

5.   The following costs and expenses if related to and incurred after
     a lawsuit has been filed against an insured:
     a. Loss of wages or salary, but not other income, up to $250 for
          each day an insured attends, at our request:
          (1) an arbitration;
          (2) a mediation; or
          (3) a trial of a lawsuit; and

     b.   Reasonable expenses incurred by an insured at our request
          other than loss of wages, salary, or other income.

     The amount of any of the costs or expenses listed above that are
     incurred by an insured must be reported to us before we will pay
     such incurred costs or expenses.
Attorney fees for attorneys representing the person or entity asserting
a claim against an insured are not a covered court cost, cost or
expense under the Supplementary Payments provision of this
coverage in this policy.

Limit
The Liability Coverage limit for bodily injury is shown in the
“COVERAGES AND LIMITS” schedule on the Declarations.

1.   The limit for bodily injury is shown under “Bodily Injury Limit –
     Each Person, Each Accident.”
     a. The dollar amount shown under “Each Person” is the most we
         will pay for the sum of:
        (1) all damages resulting from bodily injury to any one
               person injured in any one accident; and
        (2) all damages, including damages for emotional distress,
               sustained by other persons as a direct result of that
               bodily injury.
     b. The dollar amount shown under “Each Accident” is the most
         we will pay, subject to the limit for “Each Person”, for all
         damages and all emotional distress resulting from bodily
         injury to two or more persons who sustained damages or
         emotional distress in any one accident.
2.   The limit for damage to property is shown under “Property
     Damage Limit – Each Accident”. The dollar amount shown is the
     most we will pay for all damages resulting from damage to
     property in any one accident.

3.  The limit shown for Liability Coverage is the most we will pay
    regardless of the number of:
    a. insureds;
    b. claims made;
    c. vehicles insured;
    d. premiums shown on the Declarations; or
    e. vehicles involved in the accident.
Nonduplication
We will not pay any damages or expenses under Liability Coverage:
1. that have already been paid as expenses under No-Fault
    Coverage or Medical Payments Coverage of any policy issued by
    the State Farm Companies to you or any resident relative; or

2.  that have already been paid under Uninsured Motor Vehicle
    Coverage or Underinsured Motor Vehicle Coverage of any policy
    issued by the State Farm Companies to you or any resident
    relative.
Exclusions
THERE IS NO COVERAGE FOR AN INSURED:
1. WHO INTENTIONALLY CAUSES BODILY INJURY OR DAMAGE
    TO PROPERTY;

2.   FOR BODILY INJURY TO:
     a. YOU;
     b. RESIDENT RELATIVES; AND
     c. ANY OTHER PERSON WHO BOTH RESIDES PRIMARILY
        WITH AN INSURED AND WHO:
        (1) IS RELATED TO THAT INSURED BY BLOOD,
            MARRIAGE, OR ADOPTION; OR
        (2) IS A WARD OR FOSTER CHILD OF THAT INSURED;

3.   OR FOR THAT INSURED’S INSURER FOR ANY OBLIGATION
     UNDER ANY TYPE OF WORKERS’ COMPENSATION,
     DISABILITY, OR SIMILAR LAW;
4.   FOR BODILY INJURY TO THAT INSURED’S EMPLOYEE
     WHICH ARISES OUT OF THAT EMPLOYEE’S EMPLOYMENT.
     This exclusion does not apply to that insured’s household
     employee who is neither covered, nor required to be covered,
     under workers’ compensation insurance;

5.   FOR BODILY INJURY TO THAT INSURED’S FELLOW
     EMPLOYEE WHILE THE FELLOW EMPLOYEE IS IN THE
     COURSE AND SCOPE OF THAT PERSON’S EMPLOYMENT.
     This exclusion does not apply to you and resident relatives who are
     legally liable for bodily injury to fellow employees, or if this coverage,
     of this policy, is used to certify financial responsibility;

6.   FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE OWNERSHIP,
     MAINTENANCE, OR USE OF A VEHICLE WHILE IT IS RENTED
     TO OR LEASED TO OTHERS BY AN INSURED, INCLUDING
     PERSONAL VEHICLE SHARING, PEER-TO-PEER CAR
     SHARING, OR OTHER SIMILAR PROGRAM;

7. FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE OWNERSHIP,
   MAINTENANCE, OR USE OF A VEHICLE WHILE IT IS:
   a. MADE AVAILABLE; OR
   b. BEING USED
   TO CARRY PERSONS FOR A CHARGE. This exclusion does
   not apply to:
   a.   the use of a private passenger car on a share-the-expense
        basis; or
   b.   you or a resident relative occupying a non-owned car as
        a passenger;
8. WHILE MAINTAINING OR USING A VEHICLE IN CONNECTION
   WITH THAT INSURED’S EMPLOYMENT IN OR ENGAGEMENT
   OF ANY KIND IN A CAR BUSINESS. This exclusion does not
   apply to:
   a. you;
   b. any resident relative; or
   c. any agent, employee, or business partner of a. or b. above

     while maintaining or using a your car, a newly acquired car, a
     temporary substitute car, or a trailer owned by you;
9.   WHILE THAT INSURED IS VALET PARKING A VEHICLE;

10. WHILE MAINTAINING OR USING ANY VEHICLE OTHER THAN A
    YOUR CAR, A NEWLY ACQUIRED CAR, A TEMPORARY
    SUBSTITUTE CAR, OR A TRAILER IN ANY BUSINESS OR
    OCCUPATION OTHER THAN A CAR BUSINESS OR VALET
    PARKING. This exclusion does not apply to the maintenance or use
    of a private passenger car;

11. FOR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY WHILE IT IS:
    a. OWNED BY;
    b. RENTED TO;
    c. USED BY;
    d. IN THE CARE OF; OR
    e. TRANSPORTED BY
    YOU, A RESIDENT RELATIVE, OR THE PERSON WHO IS
    LEGALLY LIABLE FOR THE DAMAGE. This exclusion does not
    apply to damage to a:
    a. motor vehicle owned by the employer of you or the
         employer of any resident relative if such damage is caused
         by an insured while operating another motor vehicle;

    b. residence while rented to or leased to an insured; or
    c. private garage while rented to or leased to an insured;
12. FOR LIABILITY ASSUMED UNDER ANY CONTRACT OR
    AGREEMENT;

13. WHILE USING A TRAILER WITH A MOTOR VEHICLE IF THAT
    INSURED IS NOT PROVIDED LIABILITY COVERAGE BY THIS
    POLICY FOR THE USE OF THAT MOTOR VEHICLE;

14. FOR THE OWNERSHIP, MAINTENANCE, OR USE OF ANY
    VEHICLE WHILE IT IS:
    a. OFF PUBLIC ROADS AND BEING PREPARED FOR, USED
       IN PRACTICE FOR, OR OPERATED IN ANY RACING
       CONTEST, SPEED CONTEST, HILL-CLIMBING CONTEST,
       JUMPING CONTEST, OR ANY SIMILAR CONTEST; OR

     b. ON A TRACK DESIGNED PRIMARILY FOR RACING OR
        HIGH-SPEED DRIVING. This exclusion (15.b.) does not apply
        if the vehicle is being used in connection with an activity other
        than racing, high-speed driving, or any type of competitive
        driving; OR
15. WHO IS AN EMPLOYEE OF THE UNITED STATES OF
    AMERICA OR ANY OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT’S
    DEPARTMENTS OR AGENCIES, IF THE PROVISIONS OF THE
    FEDERAL TORT CLAIMS ACT APPLY.
16. FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE OWNERSHIP,
    MAINTENANCE, OR USE OF A VEHICLE WHILE AN INSURED
    IS:
    a. THE DRIVER OF THE VEHICLE; AND
    b. LOGGED ON TO A TRANSPORTATION NETWORK
        COMPANY’S DIGITAL NETWORK;

If Other Liability Coverage Applies
1. If Liability Coverage provided by this policy and one or more other
     Car Policies issued to you or any resident relative by the State
     Farm Companies apply to the same accident, then:

     a.   the Liability Coverage limits of such policies will not be added
          together to determine the most that may be paid; and

     b.   the maximum amount that may be paid from all such policies
          combined is the single highest applicable limit provided by
          any one of the policies. We may choose one or more policies
          from which to make payment.
2.   The Liability Coverage provided by this policy applies as primary
     coverage for the ownership, maintenance, or use of a your car or
     a trailer attached to it.
     a. If:
          (1) this is the only Car Policy issued to you or any resident
                relative by the State Farm Companies that provides
                Liability Coverage which applies to the accident as
                primary coverage; and
          (2) liability coverage provided by one or more sources other
                than the State Farm Companies also applies as
                primary coverage for the same accident,
          then we will pay the proportion of damages payable as
          primary that our applicable limit bears to the sum of our
          applicable limit and the limits of all other liability coverage
          that apply as primary coverage.
     b. If:
          (1) more than one Car Policy issued to you or any resident
                relative by the State Farm Companies provides
                Liability Coverage which applies to the accident as
                primary coverage; and
          (2) liability coverage provided by one or more sources other
                than the State Farm Companies also applies as
                primary coverage for the same accident,
          then the State Farm Companies will pay the proportion of
          damages payable as primary that the maximum amount that
          may be paid by the State Farm Companies as determined in
          1. above bears to the sum of such amount and the limits of all
          other liability coverage that apply as primary coverage.

3.   Except as provided in 2. above, the Liability Coverage provided
     by this policy applies as excess coverage.
     a. If:
          (1) this is the only Car Policy issued to you or any resident
               relative by the State Farm Companies that provides
               Liability Coverage which applies to the accident as
               excess coverage; and
          (2) liability coverage provided by one or more sources other
               than the State Farm Companies also applies as
               excess coverage for the same accident,
          then we will pay the proportion of damages payable as
          excess that our applicable limit bears to the sum of our
          applicable limit and the limits of all other liability coverage
          that apply as excess coverage.
     b. If:

         (1) more than one Car Policy issued to you or any resident
               relative by the State Farm Companies provides
               Liability Coverage which applies to the accident as
               excess coverage; and
         (2) liability coverage provided by one or more sources other
               than the State Farm Companies also applies as
               excess coverage for the same accident,
         then the State Farm Companies will pay the proportion of
         damages payable as excess that the maximum amount that
         may be paid by the State Farm Companies as determined
         in 1. above bears to the sum of such amount and the limits
         of all other liability coverage that apply as excess coverage.

[Required Out-of-State Liability Coverage and Financial Responsibility
Certification have been moved to General Terms.]

         PROPERTY DAMAGE LIABILITY COVERAGE
This policy provides Property Damage Liability Coverage if a premium is
shown under “Coverage Symbol B” in the “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules
on the Declarations.
Additional Definition
Insured means:
1. you and resident relatives for:
     a. the ownership, maintenance, or use of:
           (1) a your car;
           (2) a newly acquired car; or
           (3) a trailer; and
     b. the maintenance or use of:
           (1) a non-owned car; or
           (2) a temporary substitute car;
2. you for the maintenance or use of a car owned by, or furnished by
     an employer to, a person who resides primarily in the household of
     the first person shown as a named insured on the Declarations.
     That car cannot be owned by you or furnished by your employer;

3.  any other person for their use of:
    a. a your car;
    b. a newly acquired car;
    c. a temporary substitute car; or
    d. a trailer while attached to a car described in a., b., or c.
          above.
    Such vehicle must be used within the scope of your express or
    implied permission; and
4. any other person or organization vicariously liable for the use of
    a vehicle by an insured as defined in 1., 2., or 3. above, but only
    for such vicarious liability. This provision applies only if the vehicle
    is:
    a. neither owned by, nor hired by, that other person or
          organization, unless the vehicle is a your car or a newly
          acquired car; and
    b. neither available for, nor being used for, carrying persons
          for a charge.
Insured does not include the United States of America or any of the
Federal Government’s departments or agencies.
Insuring Agreement
1. We will pay damages an insured becomes legally liable to pay
    because of damage to property caused by an accident that
    involves a vehicle for which that insured is provided Property
    Damage Liability Coverage by this policy;
2. We have the right to:
    a. investigate, negotiate, and settle any claim or lawsuit;
    b. defend an insured in any claim or lawsuit, with attorneys
          chosen by us; and
    c. appeal any award or legal decision
    for damages payable under this policy’s Property Damage
    Liability Coverage.
3. We will only defend an insured in a claim or lawsuit for damages
    payable under this policy’s Property Damage Liability Coverage,
    that are caused by an accident for which that insured is provided
    Property Damage Liability Coverage by this policy. If a claim or
    lawsuit seeks damages due to both property damage and bodily

     injury, then we will only defend the insured for property damage,
     and the insured will be required to hire and pay attorneys to
     defend the insured for damages due to bodily injury.
Supplementary Payments
We will pay, in addition to the damages described in the Insuring
Agreement of this policy’s Property Damage Liability Coverage, those
items listed below that result from such accident:

1.   Attorney fees for attorneys chosen by us to defend an insured
     who is sued for such damages. We have no duty to pay attorney
     fees incurred after we deposit in court or pay the amount due
     under the Insuring Agreement of this policy’s Property Damage
     Liability Coverage;

     Attorney fees for attorneys representing the person or entity
     asserting a claim against an insured are not a covered court cost,
     cost or expense under the Supplementary Payments provision
     of this coverage in this policy;

2.   Court costs awarded by the court against an insured and
     resulting from that part of the lawsuit:
     a. that seeks damages payable under this policy’s Liability
           Coverage; and
     b. against which we defend an insured with attorneys chosen
           by us.
     We have no duty to pay court costs incurred after we deposit in
     court or pay the amount due under the Insuring Agreement of
     this policy’s Liability Coverage;

3.   Interest the insured is legally liable to pay on damages payable
     under the Insuring Agreement of this policy’s Liability Coverage:

     a.   before a judgment, but only the interest on the lesser of:

          (1) that part of the damages we pay; or
          (2) this policy’s applicable Liability Coverage limit; and

     b. after a judgment.
     We have no duty to pay interest that accrues after we deposit in
     court, pay, or offer to pay, the amount due under the Insuring
     Agreement of this policy’s Liability Coverage. We also have no
     duty to pay interest that accrues on any damages paid or payable
     by a party other than the insured or us;

4.   Premiums for bonds, provided by a company chosen by us,
     required to appeal a decision in a lawsuit against an insured. We
     have no duty to:
     a. pay for any bond with a face amount that exceeds this
          policy’s applicable Liability Coverage limit;
     b. furnish or apply for any bonds; or
     c. pay premiums for bonds purchased after we deposit in court,
          pay, or offer to pay, the amount due under the Insuring
          Agreement of this policy’s Liability Coverage; and

5.   The following costs and expenses if related to and incurred after
     a lawsuit has been filed against an insured:

     a.   Loss of wages or salary, but not other income, up to $250 for
          each day an insured attends, at our request:
          (1) an arbitration;
          (2) a mediation; or
          (3) a trial of a lawsuit; and
     b.   Reasonable expenses incurred by an insured at our request
          other than loss of wages, salary, or other income.

     The amount of any of the costs or expenses listed above that are
     incurred by an insured must be reported to us before we will pay
     such incurred costs or expenses.
Limit
The Property Damage Liability Coverage limit for damage to property
is shown in the “COVERAGES AND LIMITS” schedule on the
Declarations under “Property Damage Limit – Each Accident”. The
dollar amount shown is the most we will pay for all damages resulting
from damage to property in any one accident.
The Property Damage Liability Coverage limit is the most we will pay
regardless of the number of:
1. insureds;
2. claims made;
3. vehicles insured;
4. premiums shown on the Declarations; or
5. vehicles involved in the accident.
Exclusions
THERE IS NO COVERAGE FOR AN INSURED:
1. WHO INTENTIONALLY CAUSES DAMAGE TO PROPERTY;

2.   FOR BODILY INJURY:
3.   OR FOR THAT INSURED’S INSURER FOR ANY OBLIGATION
     UNDER ANY TYPE OF WORKERS’ COMPENSATION,
     DISABILITY, OR SIMILAR LAW;
4.   FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE OWNERSHIP,
     MAINTENANCE, OR USE OF A VEHICLE WHILE IT IS RENTED
     TO OR LEASED TO OTHERS BY AN INSURED, INCLUDING
     PERSONAL VEHICLE SHARING, PEER-TO-PEER CAR
     SHARING, OR OTHER SIMILAR PROGRAM;

5. FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE OWNERSHIP,
   MAINTENANCE, OR USE OF A VEHICLE WHILE IT IS:
   a. MADE AVAILABLE; OR
   b. BEING USED
   TO CARRY PERSONS FOR A CHARGE. This exclusion does
   not apply to:
   a.   the use of a private passenger car on a share-the-expense
        basis; or
   b.   you or a resident relative occupying a non-owned car as
        a passenger;
6. WHILE MAINTAINING OR USING A VEHICLE IN CONNECTION
   WITH THAT INSURED’S EMPLOYMENT IN OR ENGAGEMENT
   OF ANY KIND IN A CAR BUSINESS. This exclusion does not
   apply to:
   a. you;

     b.   any resident relative; or
     c.   any agent, employee, or business partner of a. or b. above

     while maintaining or using a your car, a newly acquired car, a
     temporary substitute car, or a trailer owned by you;
7.   WHILE THAT INSURED IS VALET PARKING A VEHICLE;

8.   WHILE MAINTAINING OR USING ANY VEHICLE OTHER THAN A
     YOUR CAR, A NEWLY ACQUIRED CAR, A TEMPORARY
     SUBSTITUTE CAR, OR A TRAILER IN ANY BUSINESS OR
     OCCUPATION OTHER THAN A CAR BUSINESS OR VALET
     PARKING. This exclusion does not apply to the maintenance or use
     of a private passenger car;

9.   FOR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY WHILE IT IS:
     a. OWNED BY;
     b. RENTED TO;
     c. USED BY;
     d. IN THE CARE OF; OR
     e. TRANSPORTED BY
     YOU, A RESIDENT RELATIVE, OR THE PERSON WHO IS
     LEGALLY LIABLE FOR THE DAMAGE.
     This exclusion does not apply to damage to a:
     a. motor vehicle owned by the employer of you or the
          employer of any resident relative if such damage is caused
          by an insured while operating another motor vehicle;

     b.   residence while rented to or leased to an insured; or
     c.   private garage while rented to or leased to an insured;

10. FOR LIABILITY ASSUMED UNDER ANY CONTRACT OR
    AGREEMENT;

11. WHILE USING A TRAILER WITH A MOTOR VEHICLE IF THAT
    INSURED IS NOT PROVIDED LIABILITY COVERAGE BY THIS
    POLICY FOR THE USE OF THAT MOTOR VEHICLE;

12. FOR THE OWNERSHIP, MAINTENANCE, OR USE OF ANY
    VEHICLE WHILE IT IS:
    a. OFF PUBLIC ROADS AND BEING PREPARED FOR, USED
       IN PRACTICE FOR, OR OPERATED IN ANY RACING
       CONTEST, SPEED CONTEST, HILL-CLIMBING CONTEST,
       JUMPING CONTEST, OR ANY SIMILAR CONTEST; OR

     b.   ON A TRACK DESIGNED PRIMARILY FOR RACING OR
          HIGH-SPEED DRIVING. This exclusion (13.b.) does not apply
          if the vehicle is being used in connection with an activity other
          than racing, high-speed driving, or any type of competitive
          driving; OR

13. WHO IS AN EMPLOYEE OF THE UNITED STATES OF
    AMERICA OR ANY OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT’S
    DEPARTMENTS OR AGENCIES, IF THE PROVISIONS OF THE
    FEDERAL TORT CLAIMS ACT APPLY.

14. FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE OWNERSHIP,
    MAINTENANCE, OR USE OF A VEHICLE WHILE AN INSURED
    IS:
    a. THE DRIVER OF THE VEHICLE; AND
    b. LOGGED ON TO A TRANSPORTATION NETWORK
        COMPANY’S DIGITAL NETWORK;

If Other Property Damage Liability Coverage Applies
1. If property damage liability coverage provided by this policy and
     one or more other Car Policies issued to you or any resident
     relative by the State Farm Companies apply to the same
     accident, then:
     a. the property damage liability coverage limits of such policies
          will not be added together to determine the most that may be
          paid; and
     b. the maximum amount that may be paid from all such policies
          combined is the single highest applicable limit provided by
          any one of the policies. We may choose one or more policies
          from which to make payment.
2. The Property Damage Liability Coverage provided by this policy
     applies as primary coverage for the ownership, maintenance, or
     use of a your car or a trailer attached to it.
     a. If:
          (1) this is the only Car Policy issued to you or any resident
                relative by the State Farm Companies that provides
                Liability Coverage which applies to the accident as
                primary coverage; and

          (2) property damage liability coverage provided by one or
              more sources other than the State Farm Companies
              also applies as primary coverage for the same accident,

          then we will pay the proportion of damages payable as
          primary that our applicable limit bears to the sum of our
          applicable limit and the limits of all other property damage
          liability coverage that apply as primary coverage.

     b.   If:
          (1) more than one Car Policy issued to you or any resident
              relative by the State Farm Companies provides
              property damage liability coverage which applies to the
              accident as primary coverage; and

          (2) property damage liability coverage provided by one or
              more sources other than the State Farm Companies
              also applies as primary coverage for the same accident,

          then the State Farm Companies will pay the proportion of
          damages payable as primary that the maximum amount that
          may be paid by the State Farm Companies as determined in
          1. above bears to the sum of such amount and the limits of all
          other property damage liability coverage that apply as primary
          coverage.

3.   Except as provided in 2. above, the Property Damage Liability
     Coverage provided by this policy applies as excess coverage.

     a.   If:
          (1) this is the only Car Policy issued to you or any resident
              relative by the State Farm Companies that provides
              property damage liability coverage which applies to the
              accident as excess coverage; and

          (2) property damage liability coverage provided by one or
              more sources other than the State Farm Companies
              also applies as excess coverage for the same accident,

          then we will pay the proportion of damages payable as
          excess that our applicable limit bears to the sum of our
          applicable limit and the limits of all other property damage
          liability coverage that apply as excess coverage.

     b.   If:
          (1) more than one Car Policy issued to you or any resident
              relative by the State Farm Companies provides
              property damage liability coverage which applies to the
              accident as excess coverage; and

          (2) property damage liability coverage provided by one or
              more sources other than the State Farm Companies
              also applies as excess coverage for the same accident,

          then the State Farm Companies will pay the proportion of
          damages payable as excess that the maximum amount that
          may be paid by the State Farm Companies as determined
          in 1. above bears to the sum of such amount and the limits
          of all other property damage liability coverage that apply as
          excess coverage.

[Required Out-of-State Liability Coverage and Financial Responsibility
Certification have been moved to General Terms.]

                     NO-FAULT COVERAGE
This policy provides No-Fault Coverage if a premium is shown under
“Coverage Symbol P” in the “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the
Declarations. Coverage Symbol P with a number beside it is your
coverage symbol. Check your coverage symbol shown on the
Declarations with the SCHEDULE in the Limit section. The Income
Loss option you have selected is shown by your coverage symbol.
Additional Definition
Insured means:
1. you and relatives:
     a. while occupying a motor vehicle;
     b. struck as a pedestrian by a motor vehicle; or
2. any other person while occupying or struck as a pedestrian by:
     a. your car for which a premium for that your car is shown
          under “Coverage Symbol P” in the “POLICY PREMIUM”
          Schedules on the Declarations;
     b. a newly acquired car;
     c. a temporary substitute car; or
     d. a trailer while attached to a car described in a., b., or c.
          above.
Insuring Agreement
We will pay in accordance with the No-Fault Act properly billed and
documented reasonable charges for bodily injury to an insured
caused by an accident resulting from the ownership, maintenance, or
use of a motor vehicle as follows:
1. Medical Expenses
     We will pay 80% of properly billed and documented medical
     expenses, but only if that insured receives initial services and
     care from a provider described in a. below within 14 days after the
     motor vehicle accident that caused bodily injury to that
     insured.
     We will not pay for any medical expenses if that insured does
     not receive initial services and care from a provider described in
     a. below within 14 days after the motor vehicle accident that
     caused bodily injury to that insured.

     We will only pay medical expenses for:
     a. initial services and care:
         (1) lawfully provided, supervised, ordered or prescribed by:
               (a) a physician licensed under chapter 458 or chapter
                    459 of the Florida Statutes;
               (b) a dentist licensed under chapter 466 of the Florida
                    Statutes; or
               (c) a chiropractic physician licensed under chapter
                    460 of the Florida Statutes;
         (2) provided in a hospital or facility that owns, or is wholly
               owned by, a hospital; or
         (3) provided by a person or entity licensed under part III of
               chapter 401 of the Florida Statutes which provides
               emergency transportation and treatment;
     b. upon referral by a provider described in 1.a. above, follow-
         up services and care consistent with the underlying medical
         diagnosis rendered pursuant to 1.a. above which may be
         provided, supervised, ordered, or prescribed only by:

          (1) a physician or osteopathic physician licensed under
              chapter 458 or chapter 459 of the Florida Statutes;

          (2) a dentist licensed under chapter 466 of the Florida
              Statutes;
          (3) a chiropractic physician licensed under chapter 460 of
              the Florida Statues; or
          (4) to the extent permitted by applicable law and under the
              supervision of a person described in (1), (2), or (3)
              immediately above;
              (a) a physician assistant licensed under chapter 458
                   or chapter 459 of the Florida Statutes; or
              (b) an advanced registered nurse practitioner licensed
                   under chapter 464 of the Florida Statutes; and

     c.   follow-up services and care consistent with the underlying
          medical diagnosis rendered pursuant to 1.a. above which
          may also be provided by the following persons or entities:
           (1) a hospital or ambulatory surgical center licensed under
               chapter 395 of the Florida Statutes;

          (2) an entity wholly owned by one or more physicians
              licensed under chapter 458 or 459 of the Florida
              Statutes, chiropractic physicians licensed under chapter
              460 of the Florida Statutes or dentists licensed under
              chapter 466 of the Florida Statutes, or by such
              practitioners and the spouse, parent, child, or sibling of
              such practitioners;
          (3) an entity that owns or is wholly owned, directly or
              indirectly, by a hospital or hospitals;
          (4) a physical therapist licensed under chapter 486 of the
              Florida Statutes, based upon referral by a provider
              described in 1.b. above; and
          (5) a health care clinic licensed under part X of chapter 400
              of the Florida Statutes which is accredited by an
              accrediting organization whose standards incorporate
              comparable regulations required by the state of Florida;
              or
               (a) has a medical director licensed under chapter 458,
                    chapter 459, or chapter 460 of the Florida Statutes;

               (b) has been continuously licensed for more than three
                   years or is a publicly traded corporation that issues
                   securities traded on an exchange registered with
                   the United States Securities and Exchange
                   Commission as a national securities exchange;
                   and
               (c) provides at least four of the following medical
                   specialties:
                    i. general medicine;
                    ii. radiography;
                    iii. orthopedic medicine;
                    iv. physical medicine;
                    v. physical therapy;
                    vi. physical rehabilitation;

                     vii. prescribing or dispensing              outpatient
                           prescription medication; or
                     viii. laboratory services.
2.   Income Loss
     We will pay, when properly documented, 60% of any loss of gross
     income and loss of earnings capacity per individual injured
     insured from that insured’s inability to work that is proximately
     caused by the bodily injury sustained by that individual insured.

3.   Replacement Services Loss
     We will pay, when properly documented, reasonable charges
     incurred in obtaining from others ordinary and necessary services
     in lieu of those that, but for the bodily injury, the individual injured
     insured would have performed without income for the benefit of
     their household.
4.   Death Benefits
     We will pay $5,000 per deceased individual insured.

Limits
1. We will not pay any charge that the No-Fault Act does not require
    us to pay, or the amount of any charge that exceeds the amount
    the No-Fault Act allows to be charged.
2. The most we will pay for each injured insured as a result of any
    one accident is $10,000 for all combined Medical Expenses,
    Income Loss, and Replacement Services Loss, described in
    the Insuring Agreement of this policy’s No-Fault Coverage.

     The limit for Medical Expenses is $10,000 if a physician (excluding
     a chiropractic physician), a dentist, a physician assistant, or an
     advanced registered nurse practitioner described in 1.a. or 1.b. under
     the Insuring Agreement of this policy’s No-Fault Coverage
     determined the injured insured had an emergency medical
     condition.
     The limit for Medical Expenses is $2,500 if any healthcare
     provider described in 1.a. or 1.b. under the Insuring Agreement
     of this policy’s No-Fault Coverage determined the injured insured
     did not have an emergency medical condition.

     We will limit payment of Medical Expenses described in the Insuring
     Agreement of this policy’s No-Fault Coverage to 80% of a properly
     billed and documented reasonable charge, but in no event will
     we pay more than 80% of the following No-Fault Act “schedule
     of maximum charges” including the use of Medicare coding
     policies and payment methodologies of the federal Centers for
     Medicare and Medicaid Services, including applicable modifiers:

     a.   For emergency transport and treatment by providers
          licensed under chapter 401, Florida Statutes, 200 percent of
          Medicare.
     b.   For emergency services and care provided by a hospital
          licensed under chapter 395, Florida Statutes, 75 percent of
          the hospital's usual and customary charges.

     c.   For emergency services and care as defined by s. 395.002,
          Florida Statutes, provided in a facility licensed under chapter
          395, Florida Statutes, rendered by a physician or dentist, and

          related hospital inpatient services rendered by a physician or
          dentist, the usual and customary charges in the community.

     d.   For hospital inpatient services, other than emergency
          services and care, 200 percent of the Medicare Part A
          prospective payment applicable to the specific hospital
          providing the inpatient services.
     e.   For hospital outpatient services, other than emergency
          services and care, 200 percent of the Medicare Part A
          Ambulatory Payment Classification for the specific hospital
          providing the outpatient services.
     f.   For all other medical services, supplies, and care, 200
          percent of the allowable amount under:
          (I) The participating physician fee schedule of Medicare
                Part B, except as provided in sub-sub-subparagraphs (II)
                and (III).
          (II) Medicare Part B, in the case of services, supplies, and
                care provided by ambulatory surgical centers and
                clinical laboratories.
          (III) The Durable Medical Equipment Prosthetics/Orthotics
                and Supplies fee schedule of Medicare Part B, in the
                case of durable medical equipment.

          However, if such services, supplies, or care is not
          reimbursable under Medicare Part B, as provided in this sub-
          subparagraph, then we will limit reimbursement to 80
          percent of the maximum reimbursable allowance under
          workers' compensation, as determined under s. 440.13,
          Florida Statutes, and rules adopted thereunder which are in
          effect at the time such services, supplies, or care is provided.
          Services, supplies, or care that is not reimbursable under
          Medicare or workers’ compensation (Florida Rules of
          Procedure for Worker’s Compensation Adjudication) will not
          be reimbursed by us.

     For purposes of the above, the applicable fee schedule or
     payment limitation under Medicare is the fee schedule or
     payment limitation in effect on March 1 of the service year in
     which the services, supplies, or care is rendered and for the
     area in which such services, supplies, or care is rendered, and
     the applicable fee schedule or payment limitation applies to
     services, supplies, or care rendered during that service year,
     notwithstanding any subsequent change made to the fee
     schedule or payment limitation, except that it will not be less
     than the allowable amount under the applicable schedule of
     Medicare Part B for 2007 for medical services, supplies, and
     care subject to Medicare Part B. For purposes of this
     paragraph, the term “service year” means the period from March
     1 through the end of February of the following year.

3.   We will pay a Death Benefit of $5,000 per deceased individual
     insured. Death Benefits are in addition to the Medical
     Expenses, Income Loss, and Replacement Services Loss
     limit.

4.   SCHEDULE
          Coverage        Income         Income Loss
          Symbol          Loss           Benefits
                          Benefits       Eliminated
                          Eliminated     For Named
                          For            Insureds’
                          Named          Dependent
                          Insureds       Relatives
          P10             No             No
          P14             Yes            Yes
          P19             Yes            No

Application of Any Deductible and Workers’ Compensation Offset

1.   The deductible amount, if any, is shown on the Declarations
     beside your coverage symbol in the “COVERAGE AND LIMITS”
     Schedule on the Declarations. The deductible amount does not
     apply to Death Benefits.
     The deductible amount applies to:
     a. each named insured if “N” follows the deductible amount; or

     b.    each named insured and each dependent relative if “N”
           does not follow the deductible amount.
     Any deductible will be applied to 100% of properly billed and
     documented Medical Expenses, properly documented Income
     Loss, and properly documented Replacement Services Loss
     that are eligible to be paid under this coverage. The deductible
     will be applied to such expenses and losses upon our receipt of
     reasonable documented proof of the expenses and losses and
     the amount of expenses and losses incurred.
2. After any applicable deductible has been applied, we will pay the
     balance of properly billed and documented Medical Expenses,
     Income Loss, and Replacement Services Loss in accordance
     with the percentages and limits as described in the section titled
     Limits.
3. We will reduce the amount payable as determined in item 2. above by
     any workers’ compensation benefits received for the same loss or
     expense.
Partial Payment or Rejection of a Claim
If we pay only a portion of a claim or reject a claim due to an alleged
error in the claim, then we shall, at the time of the partial payment or
rejection, provide an itemized specification or explanation of benefits
due to the specified error. Upon receiving the specification or
explanation, the person making the claim, at the person's option and
without waiving any other legal remedy for payment, has 15 days to
submit a revised claim, which shall be considered a timely submission
of written notice of a claim.

In a dispute between the insured and us, or between an assignee of
the insured’s rights and us, upon request, we will notify the insured

or the assignee that the policy limits under this section have been
reached within 15 days after the limits have been reached.

Nonduplication
We will not pay under No-Fault Coverage any benefits:
1. that have already been paid to or for the insured:
    a. by or on behalf of any person or organization who is or may
          be held legally liable for the bodily injury to the insured; or
    b. for bodily injury under Liability Coverage of any policy
          issued by the State Farm Companies to any named insured
          or any relative;

2.   that:
     a. have already been paid;
     b. could have been paid; or
     c. could be paid
     to or for the insured under other no-fault coverage, any disability
     benefits law, or similar law; or
3.   that have already been paid as expenses under Medical
     Payments Coverage of this policy, the medical payments
     coverage of any other policy, or other similar vehicle insurance.

Exclusions
THERE IS NO COVERAGE FOR:
1. BODILY INJURY TO:
    a. ANY PEDESTRIAN NOT A RESIDENT OF FLORIDA; OR

     b.   ANY PERSON ENTITLED TO NO-FAULT BENEFITS
          FROM:
          (1) THE OWNER OF A MOTOR VEHICLE OTHER THAN
               A NAMED INSURED; OR
          (2) THAT OWNER’S INSURER.
     This exclusion (1.) does not apply to any named insured or any
     relative;
2.   ANY NAMED INSURED OR RELATIVE WHO SUSTAINED
     BODILY INJURY WHILE OCCUPYING A MOTOR VEHICLE
     OWNED BY THE NAMED INSURED AND NOT INSURED
     UNDER THIS POLICY;
3.   ANY INSURED PERSON:
     a. WHOSE CONDUCT CONTRIBUTED TO THEIR BODILY
          INJURY UNDER ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
          CIRCUMSTANCES:
          (1) CAUSING BODILY INJURY TO THEMSELVES
               INTENTIONALLY; OR
          (2) WHILE COMMITTING A FELONY;
     b. WHOSE BODILY INJURY OCCURRED WHILE:
          (1) DRIVING YOUR CAR OR A NEWLY ACQUIRED CAR
               WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION; OR

          (2) OCCUPYING A MOTOR VEHICLE LOCATED FOR
              USE AS A DWELLING OR PREMISES;
     c.   WHO OWNS A MOTOR VEHICLE SUBJECT TO THE NO-
          FAULT ACT. This exclusion (3.c.) does not apply to:
          (1) any named insured;

          (2) the spouse of any named insured; and
          (3) any relative while occupying your car if the accident
              occurs outside Florida; OR
     d.   WHO REFUSES TO:
          (1) SUBMIT TO, COMPLETE, OR FAILS TO APPEAR AT
              AN EXAMINATION UNDER OATH; OR

         (2) PROVIDE, COMPLETE, OR FAILS TO APPEAR AT A
             STATEMENT UNDER OATH;
4.   INCOME LOSS WHEN THE SCHEDULE SHOWS INCOME
     LOSS BENEFITS ARE ELIMINATED UNDER YOUR
     COVERAGE SYMBOL;
5.   ANY MASSAGE AS DEFINED IN S. 480.033, FLORIDA
     STATUTES, OR ACUPUNCTURE AS DEFINED IN S. 457.102,
     FLORIDA STATUTES, REGARDLESS OF THE PERSON OR
     ENTITY PROVIDING THE MASSAGE OR ACUPUNCTURE; OR

6.   ANY SERVICES, CARE, TREATMENT, OR SUPPLIES
     PROVIDED BY ANY MASSAGE THERAPIST OR ANY
     ACUPUNCTURIST.

7.   FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF YOUR CAR
     OR A NEWLY ACQUIRED CAR WHILE IT IS RENTED OR
     LEASED TO OTHERS BY AN INSURED, INCLUDING
     PERSONAL VEHICLE SHARING, PEER-TO-PEER CAR
     SHARING, OR OTHER SIMILAR PROGRAM.

8.   WHO IS OCCUPYING OR STRUCK AS A PEDESTRIAN BY;
     a. A YOUR CAR, A NEWLY ACQUIRED CAR, OR A
        TEMPORARY SUBSTITUTE CAR WHILE THE DRIVER OF
        SUCH CAR IS LOGGED ON TO A TRANSPORTATION
        NETWORK COMPANY’S DIGITAL NETWORK.

If Other No-Fault Coverage Applies
1. If No-Fault Coverage provided by this policy and one or more
     other vehicle policies issued to any named insured or any relative
     by the State Farm Companies apply to the same bodily injury,
     then:
     a. the No-Fault Coverage limits of such policies shall not be
          added together to determine the most that may be paid; and

     b.   the maximum amount that may be paid from all such policies
          combined is the single highest applicable limit provided by any
          one of the policies. We may choose one or more policies from
          which to make payment.
2.   If No-Fault Coverage provided by this policy and one or more
     other vehicle policies issued to any named insured or any relative
     by one or more sources other than the State Farm Companies
     apply to the same bodily injury, then:
     a. the No-Fault Coverage limits of such policies shall not be
          added together to determine the most that may be paid;

     b.   the maximum amount that may be paid from all such policies
          combined is the single highest applicable limit provided by any one
          of the policies, subject to our pro rata share of the highest
          applicable limit provided by any one of the policies; and

     c.   we are entitled to recover from each insurer that is liable to
          pay no-fault coverage benefits to or for the insured who
          sustained bodily injury, an equitable pro rata share of
          benefits paid and expenses incurred in processing the claim.

Our Payment Options
We may, at our option, make payment to one or more of the following:

1.   The insured;
2.   The insured’s surviving spouse;
3.   A parent or guardian of the insured, if the insured is a minor or an
     incompetent person;
4.   A person authorized by law to receive such payment;
5.   Any person or organization that provides the medical services or
     funeral services; or
6.   Any person appearing to us to be equitably entitled to receive
     such payment.

               MEDICAL PAYMENTS COVERAGE
This policy provides Medical Payments Coverage if a premium is
shown under “Coverage Symbol C” in the “POLICY PREMIUM”
schedules on the Declarations.
Additional Definition
Insured means you and relatives:
1. while occupying a motor vehicle;
2. through being struck as a pedestrian by a motor vehicle; or
3. through being struck as a pedestrian by a motorcycle of a
     type required to be licensed for use on Florida highways.
Insuring Agreement
1. Medical Payments Coverage is excess over No-Fault Coverage. The
     no-fault deductible, if any, is not payable under Medical Payments
     Coverage.
2. We will pay properly billed and documented medical expenses
     for services and care that are incurred because of bodily injury
     to an insured caused by an accident resulting from the
     ownership, maintenance, or use of a motor vehicle, but only:

     a.   if that insured receives initial services and care from a provider
          described in A. below within 14 days after the motor vehicle
          accident that caused bodily injury to that insured; and

     b.   if such services and care are provided within three years
          after the motor vehicle accident that caused bodily injury
          to that insured.
     We will not pay for any medical expenses if the insured does
     not receive initial services and care from a provider described in
     a. below within 14 days after the motor vehicle accident that
     caused bodily injury to that insured.
     We will only pay medical expenses for:
     a. initial services and care:
          (1) lawfully provided, supervised, ordered or prescribed by:

               (a) a physician licensed under chapter 458 or chapter
                    459 of the Florida Statutes;
               (b) a dentist licensed under chapter 466 of the Florida
                    Statutes; or
               (c) a chiropractic physician licensed under chapter
                    460 of the Florida Statutes;
          (2) provided in a hospital or facility that owns, or is wholly
               owned by, a hospital; or
          (3) provided by a person or entity licensed under part III of
               chapter 401 of the Florida Statutes which provides
               emergency transportation and treatment;
     b.   upon referral by a provider described in a. above, follow-up
          services and care consistent with the underlying medical
          diagnosis rendered pursuant to a. above which may be
          provided, supervised, ordered, or prescribed only by:

          (1) a physician or osteopathic physician licensed under
              chapter 458 or chapter 459 of the Florida Statutes;

          (2) a dentist licensed under chapter 466 of the Florida
              Statutes;

          (3) a chiropractic physician licensed under chapter 460 of
              the Florida Statues; or
          (4) to the extent permitted by applicable law and under the
              supervision of a person described in (1), (2), or (3)
              immediately above;
              (a) a physician assistant licensed under chapter 458
                   or chapter 459 of the Florida Statutes; or
              (b) an advanced registered nurse practitioner licensed
                   under chapter 464 of the Florida Statutes; and

     c.   follow-up services and care consistent with the underlying
          medical diagnosis rendered pursuant to A. above which may
          also be provided by the following persons or entities:

          (1) a hospital or ambulatory surgical center licensed under
              chapter 395 of the Florida Statutes;
          (2) an entity wholly owned by one or more physicians
              licensed under chapter 458 or 459 of the Florida
              Statutes, chiropractic physicians licensed under
              chapter 460 of the Florida Statutes or dentists licensed
              under chapter 466 of the Florida Statutes, or by such
              practitioners and the spouse, parent, child, or sibling of
              such practitioners;
          (3) an entity that owns or is wholly owned, directly or
              indirectly, by a hospital or hospitals;
          (4) a physical therapist licensed under chapter 486 of the
              Florida Statutes, based upon referral by a provider
              described in B. above; and
          (5) a health care clinic licensed under part X of chapter 400
              of the Florida Statutes which is accredited by an
              accrediting organization whose standards incorporate
              comparable regulations required by the state of Florida;
              or
              (a) has a medical director licensed under chapter 458,
                    chapter 459, or chapter 460 of the Florida Statutes;

               (b) has been continuously licensed for more than
                   three years or is a publicly traded corporation that
                   issues securities traded on an exchange
                   registered with the United States Securities and
                   Exchange Commission as a national securities
                   exchange; and
               (c) provides at least four of the following medical
                   specialties:
                   i. general medicine;
                   ii. radiography;
                   iii. orthopedic medicine;
                   iv. physical medicine;
                   v. physical therapy;
                   vi. physical rehabilitation;
                   vii. prescribing or dispensing outpatient
                         prescription medication; or
                   viii. laboratory services.

3.   We will pay funeral expenses incurred for an insured who dies within
     three years immediately following the date of a motor vehicle

     accident if the death is a direct result of bodily injury sustained in
     such accident.

Determining Medical Expenses
We have the right to:
1. obtain and use:
    a. utilization reviews;
    b. peer reviews; and
    c. medical bill reviews
    to determine if the incurred expenses are reasonable charges
    and medically necessary for the bodily injury sustained.

2.   use a medical examination of the insured to determine if:
     a. the bodily injury was caused by a motor vehicle accident;
          and
     b. the expenses incurred are medically necessary.
3. enter into a contract with a third party that has an agreement with
     the insured’s healthcare provider to charge fees as determined
     by that agreement.
Limit
The Medical Payments Coverage limit is dependent upon
determination of an emergency medical condition and is shown in
the “COVERAGES AND LIMITS” schedule on the Declarations.
1. Emergency Medical Condition
     a. The Medical Payments Coverage limit for an insured who
          has been determined to have an emergency medical
          condition is shown on the Declarations under “Emergency
          Medical Condition Limit – Each Person”. This limit is the
          most we will pay for medical expenses and for funeral
          expenses combined that are incurred by or on behalf of any
          one insured as a result of any one accident if the insured
          has been determined to have an emergency medical
          condition by a physician, a dentist, a physician assistant, or
          an advanced registered nurse practitioner described in 2.a.
          or 2.b. under the Insuring Agreement of this policy’s
          Medical Payments Coverage regardless of the number of:

          (1) insureds;
          (2) claims made;
          (3) vehicles insured;
          (4) premiums shown on the Declarations; or
          (5) vehicles involved in the accident.
     b. Subject to the limit shown on the Declarations, as described
          in 1.a. above, the most we will pay for funeral expenses
          incurred for any one insured is $3,000.
2.   Not An Emergency Medical Condition
     The Medical Payments Coverage limit for an insured who has
     been determined to not have an emergency medical condition
     is shown on the Declarations under “Not An Emergency Medical
     Condition Limit – Each Person”. This limit is the most we will pay
     for medical expenses and for funeral expenses combined that
     are incurred by or on behalf of any one insured as a result of any
     one accident if the insured has been determined to not have an
     emergency medical condition by a healthcare provider
     described in 2.a.. or 2.b. under the Insuring Agreement of this

     policy’s Medical Payments Coverage, regardless of the number
     of:

     a. insureds;
     b. claims made;
     c. vehicles insured;
     d. premiums shown on the Declarations; or
     e. vehicles involved in the accident.
3.   In no event will we pay more than the following No-Fault Act
     “schedule of maximum charges” including the use of Medicare
     coding policies and payment methodologies of the federal
     Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, including applicable
     modifiers:
     a. For emergency transport and treatment by providers
          licensed under chapter 401, Florida Statutes, 200 percent of
          Medicare.
     b. For emergency services and care provided by a hospital
          licensed under chapter 395, Florida Statutes, 75 percent of
          the hospital's usual and customary charges.

     c.   For emergency services and care as defined by s. 395.002,
          Florida Statutes, provided in a facility licensed under chapter
          395, Florida Statutes, rendered by a physician or dentist, and
          related hospital inpatient services rendered by a physician or
          dentist, the usual and customary charges in the community.

     d.   For hospital inpatient services, other than emergency
          services and care, 200 percent of the Medicare Part A
          prospective payment applicable to the specific hospital
          providing the inpatient services.
     e.   For hospital outpatient services, other than emergency
          services and care, 200 percent of the Medicare Part A
          Ambulatory Payment Classification for the specific hospital
          providing the outpatient services.

     f.    For all other medical services, supplies, and care, 200
           percent of the allowable amount under:
           (I) The participating physician fee schedule of Medicare
                Part B, except as provided in sub-sub-subparagraphs (II)
                and (III).
          (II) Medicare Part B, in the case of services, supplies, and
                care provided by ambulatory surgical centers and
                clinical laboratories.
          (III) The Durable Medical Equipment Prosthetics/Orthotics
                and Supplies fee schedule of Medicare Part B, in the
                case of durable medical equipment.

          However, if such services, supplies, or care is not
          reimbursable under Medicare Part B, as provided in this sub-
          sub-subparagraph, then we will limit reimbursement to the
          maximum reimbursable allowance under workers'
          compensation, as determined under s. 440.13, Florida
          Statutes, and rules adopted thereunder which are in effect at
          the time such services, supplies, or care is provided.
          Services, supplies, or care that is not reimbursable under
          Medicare or workers’ compensation (Florida Rules of

          Procedure for Worker’s Compensation Adjudication) will not
          be reimbursed by us.

     For purposes of the above, the applicable fee schedule or
     payment limitation under Medicare is the fee schedule or payment
     limitation in effect on March 1 of the service year in which the
     services, supplies, or care is rendered and for the area in which
     such services, supplies, or care is rendered, and the applicable
     fee schedule or payment limitation applies to services, supplies,
     or care rendered during that service year, notwithstanding any
     subsequent change made to the fee schedule or payment
     limitation, except that it will not be less than the allowable amount
     under the applicable schedule of Medicare Part B for 2007 for
     medical services, supplies, and care subject to Medicare Part B.
     For purposes of this paragraph, the term “service year” means the
     period from March 1 through the end of February of the following
     year.

Nonduplication
We will not pay under Medical Payments Coverage any damages or
expenses:
1. that have already been paid to or for the insured:
    a. by or on behalf of any person or organization who is or may
         be held legally liable for the bodily injury to the insured; or

     b.  for bodily injury under Liability Coverage of any policy
         issued by the State Farm Companies to you or any relative;
         or
2. that have already been paid under No-Fault Coverage or
    Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage of this policy, the no-fault
    coverage, medical payments coverage, or uninsured motor
    vehicle coverage of any other policy, or other similar vehicle
    insurance.
Exclusions
THERE IS NO COVERAGE FOR AN INSURED:
1. UNTIL THE MEDICAL EXPENSE BENEFITS OF ALL NO-FAULT
    COVERAGE AVAILABLE FROM ALL SOURCES HAVE BEEN
    EXHAUSTED. This does not apply to the 20% of medical
    expenses that are not paid under no-fault coverage because of
    the 80% limitation;
2. WHO REFUSES TO:
    a. SUBMIT TO, COMPLETE, OR FAILS TO APPEAR AT AN
         EXAMINATION UNDER OATH; OR
    b. PROVIDE, COMPLETE, OR FAILS TO APPEAR AT A
         STATEMENT UNDER OATH;
3. FOR ANY MEDICAL EXPENSES THAT ARE NOT PAYABLE
    UNDER NO-FAULT COVERAGE. This does not include:

     a.   the 20% of medical expenses that are not paid under no-
          fault coverage because of the 80% limitation;
     b.   medical expenses not paid because the medical expense
          benefits of all no-fault coverage available from all sources
          have been exhausted;

     c.  medical expenses for bodily injury while occupying a
         non-owned car while outside Florida, but within the area
         described under Where Coverage Applies for Medical
         Payments Coverage; and
     d. medical expenses for bodily injury sustained through
         being struck as a pedestrian by a:
         (1) motor vehicle while outside Florida, but within the area
              described under Where Coverage Applies for Medical
              Payments Coverage; or
         (2) motorcycle of a type required to be licensed for use on
              Florida highways;
4.   FOR MILEAGE COSTS FOR THE USE OF A PERSONAL
     VEHICLE;
5.   FOR ANY INTEREST CHARGES;
6.   IF ANY WORKERS’ COMPENSATION LAW OR ANY SIMILAR
     LAW APPLIES TO THAT INSURED’S BODILY INJURY;

7.   WHO:
     a. IS OCCUPYING OR STRUCK AS A PEDESTRIAN BY A
        VEHICLE, OWNED BY YOU OR ANY RELATIVE IF IT IS
        NOT A YOUR CAR FOR WHICH A PREMIUM FOR THAT
        YOUR CAR IS SHOWN UNDER “COVERAGE SYMBOL C”
        IN THE “POLICY PREMIUM” SCHEDULES ON THE
        DECLARATIONS OR A NEWLY ACQUIRED CAR; OR
     b. AT THE TIME OF THE ACCIDENT OWNS A MOTOR
        VEHICLE SUBJECT TO THE NO-FAULT ACT AND IS NOT
        INSURED FOR THE COVERAGE REQUIRED BY THE NO-
        FAULT ACT.

          This exclusion (7.b.) does not apply to:
          (1) you; or

          (2) any relative while occupying a your car, a newly
              acquired car, a temporary substitute car, or a non-
              owned car if the accident occurs outside Florida, but
              within the area described under Where Coverage
              Applies for Medical Payments Coverage.

8.   WHO IS OCCUPYING A VEHICLE WHILE IT IS RENTED TO OR
     LEASED TO OTHERS BY AN INSURED, INCLUDING
     PERSONAL VEHICLE SHARING, PEER-TO-PEER CAR
     SHARING, OR OTHER SIMILAR PROGRAM;

9.   WHO IS OCCUPYING A VEHICLE WHILE IT IS:
     a. MADE AVAILABLE; OR
     b. BEING USED
     TO CARRY PERSONS FOR A CHARGE. This exclusion does
     not apply to:
     a. the use of a private passenger car on a share-the-expense
          basis; or
     b. an insured while occupying a non-owned car as a
          passenger;

10. WHILE MAINTAINING OR USING A VEHICLE IN
    CONNECTION WITH THAT INSURED’S EMPLOYMENT IN OR
    ENGAGEMENT OF ANY KIND IN A CAR BUSINESS. This
    exclusion does not apply to:
    a. you;
    b. any relative; or
    c. any agent, employee, or business partner of a. or b. above
    while maintaining or using a your car, a newly acquired car, a
    temporary substitute car, or a trailer owned by you;

11. WHILE THAT INSURED IS VALET PARKING A VEHICLE;

12. WHILE MAINTAINING OR USING A NON-OWNED CAR IN ANY
    BUSINESS OR OCCUPATION OTHER THAN A CAR BUSINESS
    OR VALET PARKING. This exclusion does not apply to the
    maintenance or use of a private passenger car;

13. WHO IS EITHER OCCUPYING OR STRUCK AS A PEDESTRIAN
    BY A VEHICLE THAT IS LOCATED FOR USE AS A DWELLING OR
    OTHER PREMISES;
14. WHO IS STRUCK AS A PEDESTRIAN BY A VEHICLE THAT:

     a.   IS DESIGNED FOR USE PRIMARILY OFF PUBLIC ROADS
          WHILE OFF PUBLIC ROADS; OR

    b. RUNS ON RAILS OR CRAWLER-TREADS;
15. WHOSE BODILY INJURY RESULTS FROM WAR OF ANY KIND;

16. WHOSE BODILY INJURY RESULTS FROM:
    a. NUCLEAR REACTION;
    b. RADIATION OR RADIOACTIVE CONTAMINATION FROM
       ANY SOURCE; OR
    c. THE ACCIDENTAL OR INTENTIONAL DETONATION OF,
       OR RELEASE OF RADIATION FROM, ANY NUCLEAR OR
       RADIOACTIVE DEVICE;

17. WHOSE BODILY INJURY RESULTS FROM EXPOSURE TO
    FUNGI; OR
18. WHO IS OCCUPYING A VEHICLE WHILE IT IS:
    a. BEING PREPARED FOR, USED IN PRACTICE FOR, OR
       OPERATED IN ANY RACING CONTEST, SPEED
       CONTEST, HILL-CLIMBING CONTEST, JUMPING
       CONTEST, OR ANY SIMILAR CONTEST; OR
    b. ON A TRACK DESIGNED PRIMARILY FOR RACING OR
       HIGH-SPEED DRIVING. This exclusion (18.b.) does not apply
       if the vehicle is being used in connection with an activity other
       than racing, high-speed driving, or any type of competitive
       driving.

19. FOR ANY MASSAGE AS DEFINED IN S.480.033, FLORIDA
    STATUTES, OR ACUPUNCTURE AS DEFINED IN S.457.102,
    FLORIDA STATUTES, REGARDLESS OF THE PERSON OR
    ENTITY PROVIDING THE MASSAGE OR ACUPUNCTURE; OR

20. FOR ANY SERVICES, CARE, TREATMENT, OR SUPPLIES
    PROVIDED BY ANY MASSAGE THERAPIST OR ANY
    ACUPUNCTURIST.

21. WHO IS OCCUPYING OR STRUCK BY:
    a. A YOUR CAR, A NEWLY ACQUIRED CAR, OR A
       TEMPORARY SUBSTITUTE CAR WHILE THE DRIVER OF
       SUCH CAR IS LOGGED ON TO A TRANSPORTATION
       NETWORK COMPANY’S DIGITAL NETWORK; OR
    b. A NON-OWNED CAR IF EITHER YOU OR ANY RELATIVE
       IS:
       (1) THE DRIVER OF SUCH CAR; AND
       (2) LOGGED ON AS A DRIVER TO A TRANSPORTATION
            NETWORK COMPANY’S DIGITAL NETWORK.

If Other Medical Payments Coverage or Similar Vehicle Insurance
Applies
1. An insured shall not recover for the same medical expenses or
     funeral expenses under both this coverage and other medical
     payments coverage or similar vehicle insurance.
2. If Medical Payments Coverage provided by this policy and one or
     more other vehicle policies issued to you or any resident relative
     by the State Farm Companies apply to the same bodily injury,
     then:
     a. the Medical Payments Coverage limits of such policies shall
          not be added together to determine the most that may be
          paid; and
     b. the maximum amount that may be paid from all such policies
          combined is the single highest applicable limit provided by
          any one of the policies. We may choose one or more policies
          from which to make payment.
3. The Medical Payments Coverage provided by this policy applies
     as primary coverage for an insured who sustains bodily injury
     while occupying a your car or a trailer attached to it.

     a.   If:
          (1) this is the only vehicle policy issued to you or any
                resident relative by the State Farm Companies that
                provides Medical Payments Coverage or other similar
                vehicle insurance which applies to the accident as
                primary coverage; and
          (2) medical payments coverage or other similar vehicle
                insurance provided by one or more sources other than the
                State Farm Companies also applies as primary coverage
                for the same accident,
          then we will pay the proportion of medical expenses and
          funeral expenses payable as primary that our applicable limit
          bears to the sum of our applicable limit and the limits of all
          other medical payments coverage or similar vehicle insurance
          that apply as primary coverage.
     b.   If:
          (1) more than one vehicle policy issued to you or any
                resident relative by the State Farm Companies
                provides Medical Payments Coverage or other similar
                vehicle insurance which applies to the accident as
                primary coverage; and

          (2) medical payments coverage or other similar vehicle
               insurance provided by one or more sources other than the
               State Farm Companies also applies as primary coverage
               for the same accident,
          then the State Farm Companies will pay the proportion of
          medical expenses and funeral expenses payable as primary
          that the maximum amount that may be paid by the State
          Farm Companies as determined in 2. above bears to the
          sum of such amount and the limits of all other medical
          payments coverage or similar vehicle insurance that apply
          as primary coverage.

4.   Except as provided in 3. above, the Medical Payments Coverage
     provided by this policy applies as excess coverage.

     a.   If:
          (1) this is the only vehicle policy issued to you or any
               resident relative by the State Farm Companies that
               provides Medical Payments Coverage or other similar
               vehicle insurance which applies to the accident as
               excess coverage; and
          (2) medical payments coverage or other similar vehicle
               insurance provided by one or more sources other than
               the State Farm Companies also applies as excess
               coverage for the same accident,
          then we will pay the proportion of medical expenses and
          funeral expenses payable as excess that our applicable limit
          bears to the sum of our applicable limit and the limits of all
          other medical payments coverage or similar vehicle
          insurance that apply as excess coverage.

     b.   If:
          (1) more than one vehicle policy issued to you or any
               resident relative by the State Farm Companies
               provides Medical Payments Coverage or other similar
               vehicle insurance which applies to the accident as
               excess coverage; and
          (2) medical payments coverage or other similar vehicle
               insurance provided by one or more sources other than
               the State Farm Companies also applies as excess
               coverage for the same accident,
          then the State Farm Companies will pay the proportion of
          medical expenses and funeral expenses payable as excess
          that the maximum amount that may be paid by the State
          Farm Companies as determined in 2. above bears to the
          sum of such amount and the limits of all other medical
          payments coverage or similar vehicle insurance that apply
          as excess coverage.

Our Payment Options
We may, at our option, make payment to one or more of the following:
1. The insured;
2. The insured’s surviving spouse;
3. A parent or guardian of the insured, if the insured is a minor or
    an incompetent person;

4.   A person authorized by law to receive such payment;
5.   Any person or organization that provides the medically necessary
     services or funeral services; or
6.   Any person appearing to us to be equitably entitled to receive such
     payment.

     UNINSURED MOTOR VEHICLE COVERAGE - Stacking

This policy provides Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage - Stacking if a
premium is shown under “Coverage Symbol U” in the “POLICY
PREMIUM” schedules on the Declarations.

Additional Definitions
Insured means:
1. you, your spouse, and resident relatives;

2.   any other person while occupying:
     a. a your car for which a premium for that your car is shown
           under “Coverage Symbol U” in the “POLICY PREMIUM”
           schedules on the Declarations;
     b. a newly acquired car; or
     c. a temporary substitute car.
     d. a trailer attached to a car described in a., b., or c. above.
     Such vehicle must be used with your express or implied
     permission; and
3. any person or organization entitled to recover compensatory
     damages as a result of bodily injury to an insured as defined in
     1., or 2. above.
Uninsured Motor Vehicle means a land motor vehicle and a trailer
attached to such land motor vehicle:
1. the ownership, maintenance, and use of which is:
     a. neither insured, nor self-insured, nor bonded for bodily injury
           liability at the time of the accident; or
     b. insured, self-insured, or bonded for bodily injury liability at
           the time of the accident; but
           (1) the limits are less than required by the financial
                   responsibility act of the state of Florida;
           (2) the limits of liability of the insurance, self-insurance, or
                   bond are less than the damages for bodily injury
                   sustained by the insured; or
           (3) the entity providing the financial responsibility:
                   (a) denies that it provides liability coverage for
                         compensatory damages that result from the accident;
                         or
                   (b) is or becomes insolvent; or
2. the owner or driver:
     a. of which could not reasonably have been identified;
     b. remains unknown; and
     c. that causes bodily injury to the insured.

Uninsured Motor Vehicle does not include a land motor vehicle or
trailer:
1. whose ownership, maintenance, or use is provided Liability
      Coverage by this policy. However, any such vehicle will be
      deemed to be an uninsured motor vehicle for bodily injury
      sustained by you, your spouse, or a resident relative while
      the vehicle is being operated by a person other than you,
      your spouse, or a resident relative;
2. designed for use primarily off public roads except while on
      public roads;

3.  while located for use as a dwelling or other premises; or
4.  whose owner or operator could have been reasonably
    identified.
Insuring Agreement
1. We will pay compensatory damages for bodily injury an insured
    is legally entitled to recover from the owner or driver of an
    uninsured motor vehicle.
2. The bodily injury for which we will pay compensatory damages
    must be:
    a. sustained by an insured;
    b. caused by an accident that involves the operation,
         maintenance, or use of an uninsured motor vehicle; and
    c. a serious injury as described in section 627.737(2) of the
         Florida Insurance Code before we will pay for damages
         consisting of pain, suffering, mental anguish, or
         inconvenience.

Consent to Settlement
The insured must inform us of a settlement offer, if any, proposed by
or on behalf of the owner or driver of the uninsured motor vehicle,
and the insured must request our written consent to accept such
settlement offer.
If we:
1. consent in writing, then the insured may accept such settlement
      offer.
2. inform the insured in writing that we do not consent, then the
      insured may not accept such settlement offer and:
      a. we will make payment to the insured in an amount equal to
            such settlement offer. This payment is considered a
            payment made by or on behalf of the owner or driver of the
            uninsured motor vehicle; and
      b. any recovery from or on behalf of the owner or driver of the
            uninsured motor vehicle shall first be used to repay us.

Deciding Fault and Amount
1. The insured and we must agree to the answers to the following
    two questions:
    a. Is the insured legally entitled to recover compensatory
         damages from the owner or driver of the uninsured motor
         vehicle?
    b. If the insured and we agree that the answer to 1.a. above is
         yes, then what is the amount of the compensatory damages
         that the insured is legally entitled to recover from the owner
         or driver of the uninsured motor vehicle?

2.   If there is no agreement on the answer to either question in 1.
     above, then the disagreement shall be resolved by mediation,
     arbitration, or litigation as outlined in the Mediation, Arbitration,
     and Legal Action Against Us provisions under GENERAL
     TERMS.

Limit
1. The Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage – Stacking limit is shown
     in the “COVERAGES AND LIMITS” schedule on the Declarations
     under “Bodily Injury Limit – Each Person, Each Accident”.
      a. For you, your spouse, or a resident relative, injured in one
           accident, the most we will pay for one person, for all
           compensatory damages, including emotional distress sustained
           by other insureds as a result of that bodily injury is the lesser
           of:
           (1) The dollar amount shown under “Bodily Injury Limit – Each
                 Person multiplied by the number of your cars for which a
                 premium is shown under “Coverage Symbol U” in the
                 “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules shown on the
                 Declarations.
           (2) the amount of all compensatory damages resulting from
                 that bodily injury reduced by the sum of all payments
                 for compensatory damages resulting from that bodily
                 injury made by or on behalf of any person or
                 organization who is or may be held legally liable for that
                 bodily injury.
           (3) The most we will pay, subject to 1.a. above for all
                 compensatory damages resulting from bodily injury to
                 two or more insureds injured in any one accident is the
                 dollar amount shown under “Each Accident” multiplied
                 by the number of your cars for which a premium is
                 shown under “Coverage Symbol U” in the “POLICY
                 PREMIUM” schedules shown on the Declarations.
     b. For other than you, your spouse, or a resident relative the most
          we will pay for all compensatory damages resulting from bodily
          injury for an insured injured in any one accident, including all
          damages sustained by other insureds as a result of that bodily
          injury is the lesser of:
         (1) the dollar amount shown under “Bodily Injury Limit - Each
                Person”; or
         (2) the amount of all compensatory damages resulting from that
                bodily injury reduced by the sum of all payments for
                compensatory damages resulting from that bodily injury
                made by or on behalf of any person or organization who is
                or may be held legally liable for the bodily injury.
           (3) The most we will pay, subject to 1.b. above, for all
               compensatory damages resulting from bodily injury to
               two or more insureds injured in any one accident is the
               dollar amount shown under “Each Accident”.
2. If there is bodily injury to other than you, your spouse, or a
     resident relative then the limit shown for Uninsured Motor
     Vehicle Coverage - Stacking is the most we will pay regardless of
     the number of:
     a. insureds;
     b. claims made;
     c. vehicles insured;
     d. premiums shown on the Declarations; or
     e. vehicles involved in the accident.
However, if there is bodily injury to you, your spouse, or a resident
relative in addition to any other insured, then the maximum amount
payable will not exceed the most we will pay for all damages resulting
from bodily injury as determined in 1.a. above.

Nonduplication
We will not pay under Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage – Stacking
any damages:
1. that have already been paid to or for the insured:
     a. by or on behalf of any person or organization who is or may
          be held legally liable for the bodily injury to the insured; or

     b.   for bodily injury under Liability Coverage of any policy
          issued by the State Farm Companies to you, your spouse,
          or any resident relative;
2.   that:
     a. have already been paid;
     b. could have been paid; or
     c. could be paid
     to or for the insured under any workers’ compensation law,
     disability benefits law, or similar law; or
3.   that have already been paid as expenses under No-Fault
     Coverage or Medical Payments Coverage of this policy, the no-
     fault coverage or medical payments coverage of any other policy,
     or other similar vehicle insurance.

Exclusions
THERE IS NO COVERAGE:
1. FOR AN INSURED WHO, WITHOUT OUR WRITTEN CONSENT,
    SETTLES WITH ANY PERSON OR ORGANIZATION WHO MAY BE
    LIABLE FOR THE BODILY INJURY;
2. TO THE EXTENT IT BENEFITS:
    a. ANY WORKERS’ COMPENSATION OR DISABILITY
        BENEFITS INSURANCE COMPANY;
    b. A     SELF-INSURER     UNDER   ANY    WORKERS’
        COMPENSATION LAW, DISABILITY BENEFITS LAW, OR
        SIMILAR LAW; OR
    c. ANY GOVERNMENT OR ANY OF ITS POLITICAL
        SUBDIVISIONS OR AGENCIES;
3. FOR AN INSURED WHOSE BODILY INJURY RESULTS FROM:
    a. NUCLEAR REACTION;
    b. RADIATION OR RADIOACTIVE CONTAMINATION FROM
        ANY SOURCE; OR
    c. THE ACCIDENTAL OR INTENTIONAL DETONATION OF,
        OR RELEASE OF RADIATION FROM, ANY NUCLEAR OR
        RADIOACTIVE DEVICE;
4. FOR PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES;

5.   FOR AN INSURED OCCUPYING A VEHICLE WHILE IT IS:
     a. MADE AVAILABLE OR BEING USED TO CARRY
        PERSONS FOR A CHARGE. This exclusion (6.a.) does not
        apply to:

          (1) the use of a private passenger car on a share-the-
              expense basis; or
          (2) you or a resident relative occupying a non-owned
              car as a passenger; OR

     b.   RENTED TO OR LEASED TO OTHERS BY AN INSURED,
          INCLUDING PERSONAL VEHICLE SHARING, PEER-TO-

           PEER CAR SHARING, OR OTHER SIMILAR PROGRAM;
           OR
6. FOR:
     a. AN INSURED WHO IS OCCUPYING A YOUR CAR, A
           NEWLY ACQUIRED CAR, OR A TEMPORARY
           SUBSTITUTE CAR WHILE THE DRIVER OF SUCH CAR
           IS LOGGED ON TO A TRANSPORTATION NETWORK
           COMPANY’S DIGITAL NETWORK; OR
     b. YOU, YOUR SPOUSE, OR ANY RESIDENT RELATIVE
           WHILE OCCUPYING A CAR THAT IS BEING DRIVEN BY
           EITHER YOU, YOUR SPOUSE, OR ANY RESIDENT
           RELATIVE WHO IS LOGGED ON AS A DRIVER TO A
           TRANSPORTATION NETWORK COMPANY’S DIGITAL
           NETWORK.
If Other Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage Applies
1. If Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage provided by this policy and
     one or more other vehicle policies issued to you, your spouse, or
     any resident relative by the State Farm Companies apply to the
     same bodily injury, sustained by a person other than you, your
     spouse, or any resident relative, then:
     a. the Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage limits of such policies
           will not be added together to determine the most that may be
           paid; and
     b. the maximum amount that may be paid from all such policies
           combined is the single highest applicable limit provided by any
           one of the policies. We may choose one or more policies from
           which to make payment.
2. The Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage provided by this policy
     applies as primary coverage for an insured who sustains bodily
     injury while occupying a your car.
     If uninsured motor vehicle coverage is provided on a primary
     basis by one or more other sources, then we will pay the
     proportion of damages that the applicable limit of this policy bears
     to the total of all uninsured motor vehicle coverage that applies as
     primary coverage.

3.   Except as provided in 2. above, the Uninsured Motor Vehicle
     Coverage provided by this policy applies as excess coverage for
     an insured who sustains bodily injury.
     If uninsured motor vehicle coverage is provided on an excess
     basis by one or more other sources, then we will pay the
     proportion of damages that the applicable limit of this policy bears
     to the total of all uninsured motor vehicle coverage that applies as
     excess coverage.
4.   If Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage provided by this policy and
     one or more other vehicle policies issued to you or any resident
     relative by the State Farm Companies apply to the same bodily
     injury, then we may choose one or more policies from which to
     make payment.

Our Payment Options
We may, at our option, make payment to one or more of the following:

1.   The insured;
2.   The insured’s surviving spouse;

3.   A parent or guardian of the insured, if the insured is a minor or
     an incompetent person; or
4.   A person authorized by law to receive such payment.

         UNINSURED MOTOR VEHICLE COVERAGE –
                     Non-Stacking
This policy provides Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage if a premium
is shown under “Coverage Symbol U3” in the “POLICY PREMIUM”
schedules on the Declarations.
Additional Definitions
Insured means:
1. you, your spouse, and resident relatives;

2.   any other person while occupying:
     a. a your car for which a premium for that your car is shown
          under “Coverage Symbol U” in the “POLICY PREMIUM”
          schedules on the Declarations;
     b. a newly acquired car; or
     c. a temporary substitute car.
     d. a trailer attached to a car described in a., b., or c. above.
     Such vehicle must be used with your express or implied
     permission; and

3.    any person or organization entitled to recover compensatory
      damages as a result of bodily injury to an insured as defined in
      1., or 2. above.
Uninsured Motor Vehicle means a land motor vehicle and a trailer attached
to such land motor vehicle:
1. the ownership, maintenance, and use of which is:
      a. not insured, nor self-insured, nor bonded for bodily injury
            liability at the time of the accident; or
      b. insured, self-insured, or bonded for bodily injury liability at
            the time of the accident; but
            (1) the limits are less than required by the financial
                   responsibility act of the state of Florida;
            (2) the limits of liability of the insurance, self-insurance, or
                   bond are less than the damages for bodily injury
                   sustained by the insured; or
            (3) the entity providing the financial responsibility:
                   (a) denies that it provides liability coverage for
                         compensatory damages that result from the accident;
                         or
                   (b) is or becomes insolvent; or
2. the owner or driver:
      a. of which could not reasonably have been identified;
      b. remains unknown; and
      c. that causes bodily injury to the insured.
Uninsured Motor Vehicle does not include a land motor vehicle or
trailer:
1. whose ownership, maintenance, or use is provided Liability
      Coverage by this policy. However, any such vehicle will be
      deemed to be an uninsured motor vehicle for bodily injury
      sustained by you or a resident relative while the vehicle is being
      operated by a person other than you or a resident relative;

2.   designed for use primarily off public roads except while on public
     roads;
3.   while located for use as a dwelling or other premises; or

4.   whose owner or operator could have been reasonably identified.

Insuring Agreement
1. We will pay compensatory damages for bodily injury an insured
    is legally entitled to recover from the owner or driver of an
    uninsured motor vehicle.
2. The bodily injury for which we will pay compensatory damages
    must be:
    a. sustained by an insured;
    b. caused by an accident that involves the operation,
         maintenance, or use of an uninsured motor vehicle; and
    c. a serious injury as described in section 627.737(2) of the
         Florida Insurance Code before we will pay for damages
         consisting of pain, suffering, mental anguish, or
         inconvenience.

Consent to Settlement
The insured must inform us of a settlement offer, if any, proposed by
or on behalf of the owner or driver of the uninsured motor vehicle,
and the insured must request our written consent to accept such
settlement offer.
If we:
1. consent in writing, then the insured may accept such settlement
      offer.
2. inform the insured in writing that we do not consent, then the
      insured may not accept such settlement offer and:
      a. we will make payment to the insured in an amount equal to
            such settlement offer. This payment is considered a
            payment made by or on behalf of the owner or driver of the
            uninsured motor vehicle; and
      b. any recovery from or on behalf of the owner or driver of the
            uninsured motor vehicle shall first be used to repay us.

Deciding Fault and Amount
1. a. The insured and we must agree to the answers to the following
         two questions:
         (1) Is the insured legally entitled to recover compensatory
              damages from the owner or driver of the uninsured
              motor vehicle?
         (2) If the insured and we agree that the answer to 1.a.(1) above
              is yes, then what is the amount of the compensatory
              damages that the insured is legally entitled to recover from
              the owner or driver of the uninsured motor vehicle?

2.   If there is no agreement on the answer to either question in 1.
     above, then the disagreement shall be resolved by mediation,
     arbitration, or litigation as outlined in the Mediation, Arbitration,
     and Legal Action Against Us provisions under GENERAL
     TERMS.

Limit
1. The Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage limit is shown in the
    “COVERAGES AND LIMITS” schedule on the Declarations under
    “Bodily Injury Limit – Each Person, Each Accident”.
    a. The most we will pay for all compensatory damages resulting
       from bodily injury to any one insured injured in any one

       accident, including all compensatory damages sustained by other
       insureds as a result of that bodily injury is the lesser of:
       (1) the dollar amount shown under “Bodily Injury Limit - Each
             Person”; or
       (2) the amount of all compensatory damages resulting from that
             bodily injury reduced by the sum of all payments for
             compensatory damages resulting from that bodily injury
             made by or on behalf of any person or organization who is
             or may be held legally liable for the bodily injury.
   b. The most we will pay, subject to 1.a. above, for all
       compensatory damages resulting from bodily injury to two or
       more insureds injured in any one accident is the dollar
       amount shown under “Each Accident”.
2. The limit shown for Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage is the most
   we will pay regardless of the number of:
   a. insureds;
   b. claims made;
   c. vehicles insured;
   d. premiums shown on the Declarations; or
   e. vehicles involved in the accident.
Nonduplication
We will not pay under Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage any
damages:
1. that have already been paid to or for the insured:
   a. by or on behalf of any person or organization who is or may
         be held legally liable for the bodily injury to the insured; or

     b.   for bodily injury under Liability Coverage of any policy
          issued by the State Farm Companies to you or any
          resident relative;
2.   that:
     a. have already been paid;
     b. could have been paid; or
     c. could be paid
     to or for the insured under any workers’ compensation law,
     disability benefits law, or similar law; or
3.   that have already been paid as expenses under No-Fault
     Coverage or Medical Payments Coverage of this policy, the
     medical payments coverage of any other policy, or other similar
     vehicle insurance.

Exclusions
THERE IS NO COVERAGE:
1. FOR AN INSURED WHO, WITHOUT OUR WRITTEN CONSENT,
    SETTLES WITH ANY PERSON OR ORGANIZATION WHO MAY BE
    LIABLE FOR THE BODILY INJURY;

2.   FOR AN INSURED WHO SUSTAINS BODILY INJURY:
     a. WHILE OCCUPYING A MOTOR VEHICLE OWNED BY
        YOU IF IT IS NOT A YOUR CAR OR A NEWLY ACQUIRED
        CAR; OR
     b. WHILE OCCUPYING A MOTOR VEHICLE OWNED BY
        ANY RESIDENT RELATIVE IF IT IS NOT A YOUR CAR OR
        A NEWLY ACQUIRED CAR. This exclusion (2.b.) does not
        apply to you, provided that the motor vehicle is not owned
        by you;

     c.   WHILE A PEDESTRIAN AND IS STRUCK BY A
          VEHICLE OWNED BY ANY RESIDENT
          RELATIVE;

3.   TO THE EXTENT IT BENEFITS:
     a. ANY WORKERS’ COMPENSATION OR DISABILITY
         BENEFITS INSURANCE COMPANY;
     b. A     SELF-INSURER    UNDER   ANY    WORKERS’
         COMPENSATION LAW, DISABILITY BENEFITS LAW, OR
         SIMILAR LAW; OR
     c. ANY GOVERNMENT OR ANY OF ITS POLITICAL
         SUBDIVISIONS OR AGENCIES;

4.   FOR AN INSURED WHOSE BODILY INJURY RESULTS FROM:
     a. NUCLEAR REACTION;
     b. RADIATION OR RADIOACTIVE CONTAMINATION FROM
        ANY SOURCE; OR
     c. THE ACCIDENTAL OR INTENTIONAL DETONATION OF,
        OR RELEASE OF RADIATION FROM, ANY NUCLEAR OR
        RADIOACTIVE DEVICE;

5.   FOR PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES;

6.   FOR AN INSURED OCCUPYING A VEHICLE WHILE IT IS:

     a.   MADE AVAILABLE OR BEING USED TO CARRY
          PERSONS FOR A CHARGE. This exclusion (8.a.) does not
          apply to:
          (1) the use of a private passenger car on a share-the-
               expense basis; or
          (2) you or a resident relative occupying a non-owned
               car as a passenger; OR
     b.   RENTED TO OR LEASED TO OTHERS BY AN INSURED,
          INCLUDING PERSONAL VEHICLE SHARING, PEER-TO-
          PEER CAR SHARING, OR OTHER SIMILAR PROGRAM.

7.   FOR AN INSURED WHO SUSTAINS BODILY INJURY WHILE
     OCCUPYING A VEHICLE OWNED BY THAT INSURED IF THAT
     VEHICLE IS NOT INSURED FOR UNINSURED MOTOR
     VEHICLE COVERAGE UNDER THIS POLICY OR ANY OTHER
     POLICY; OR

8.   FOR:
     a. AN INSURED WHO IS OCCUPYING OR STRUCK BY A
        YOUR CAR, A NEWLY ACQUIRED CAR, OR A
        TEMPORARY SUBSTITUTE CAR WHILE THE DRIVER OF
        SUCH CAR IS LOGGED ON TO A TRANSPORTATION
        NETWORK COMPANY’S DIGITAL NETWORK; OR
     b. YOU, YOUR SPOUSE, OR ANY RESIDENT RELATIVE
        WHILE OCCUPYING A CAR THAT IS BEING DRIVEN BY
        EITHER YOU, YOUR SPOUSE, OR ANY RESIDENT

           RELATIVE WHO IS LOGGED ON AS A DRIVER TO A
           TRANSPORTATION NETWORK COMPANY’S DIGITAL
           NETWORK.
If Other Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage Applies
1. If Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage provided by this policy and
      one or more other vehicle policies issued to you, your spouse, or
      any resident relative by the State Farm Companies apply to the
      same bodily injury, then:
      a. the Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage limits of such policies
           will not be added together to determine the most that may be
           paid; and
      b. the maximum amount that may be paid from all such policies
           combined is the single highest applicable limit provided by any
           one of the policies. We may choose one or more policies from
           which to make payment.
2. The Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage provided by this policy
      applies as primary coverage for an insured who sustains bodily
      injury while occupying a your car.
      a. If:
           (1) this is the only vehicle policy issued to you, your
                 spouse, or any resident relative by the State Farm
                 Companies that provides Uninsured Motor Vehicle
                 Coverage which applies to the accident as primary
                 coverage; and
           (2) uninsured motor vehicle coverage provided by one or
                 more sources other than the State Farm Companies
                 also applies as primary coverage for the same accident,

          then we will pay the proportion of damages payable as
          primary that our applicable limit bears to the sum of our
          applicable limit and the limits of all other uninsured motor
          vehicle coverage that apply as primary coverage.

     b.   If:
          (1) more than one vehicle policy issued to you, your
              spouse, or any resident relative by the State Farm
              Companies provides Uninsured Motor Vehicle
              Coverage which applies to the accident as primary
              coverage; and
          (2) uninsured motor vehicle coverage provided by one or
              more sources other than the State Farm Companies
              also applies as primary coverage for the same accident,

          then the State Farm Companies will pay the proportion of
          damages payable as primary that the maximum amount that
          may be paid by the State Farm Companies as determined
          in 1. above bears to the sum of such amount and the limits
          of all other uninsured motor vehicle coverage that apply as
          primary coverage.

3.   Except as provided in 2. above, the Uninsured Motor Vehicle
     Coverage provided by this policy applies as excess coverage.

     a.   If:
          (1) this is the only vehicle policy issued to you, your
              spouse, or any resident relative by the State Farm

             Companies that provides Uninsured Motor Vehicle
             Coverage which applies to the accident as excess
             coverage; and
         (2) uninsured motor vehicle coverage provided by one or
             more sources other than the State Farm Companies
             also applies as excess coverage for the same accident,

        then we will pay the proportion of damages payable as
        excess that our applicable limit bears to the sum of our
        applicable limit and the limits of all other uninsured motor
        vehicle coverage that apply as excess coverage.
    b. If:
        (1) more than one vehicle policy issued to you, your
              spouse, or any resident relative by the State Farm
              Companies provides Uninsured Motor Vehicle
              Coverage which applies to the accident as excess
              coverage; and
        (2) uninsured motor vehicle coverage provided by one or
              more sources other than the State Farm Companies
              also applies as excess coverage for the same accident,
        then the State Farm Companies will pay the proportion of
        damages payable as excess that the maximum amount that
        may be paid by the State Farm Companies as determined
        in 1. above bears to the sum of such amount and the limits
        of all other uninsured motor vehicle coverage that apply as
        excess coverage.
Our Payment Options
We may, at our option, make payment to one or more of the following:

1.   The insured;
2.   The insured’s surviving spouse;
3.   A parent or guardian of the insured, if the insured is a minor or
     an incompetent person; or
4.   A person authorized by law to receive such payment.

              PHYSICAL DAMAGE COVERAGES
The physical damage coverages are Comprehensive Coverage,
Collision Coverage, Emergency Road Service Coverage, and Car
Rental and Travel Expenses Coverage.
This policy provides:
1. Comprehensive Coverage if a premium is shown under
      “Coverage Symbol D”;
2. Collision Coverage if a premium is shown under “Coverage
      Symbol G”;
3. Emergency Road Service Coverage if a premium is shown under
      “Coverage Symbol H”;
4. Car Rental and Travel Expenses Coverage if a premium is shown
      under “Coverage Symbol R1”
in the “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the Declarations.
Deductible
1. The Comprehensive Coverage deductible, if any, that applies to a
      covered vehicle that is:

     a.  a your car is the deductible dollar amount shown in the
         “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the Declarations for that
         your car.
    b. a newly acquired car is the lesser of:
         (1) the lowest Comprehensive Coverage deductible dollar
              amount shown in the “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules
              on the Declarations for any vehicle for which a premium
              is shown under “Coverage Symbol D” in the “POLICY
              PREMIUM” schedules on the Declarations; or
         (2) $500.
    c. a temporary substitute car, a non-owned car, a non-
         owned trailer, or a non-owned camper is the lowest
         deductible dollar amount shown in the “POLICY PREMIUM”
         schedules on the Declarations for any vehicle for which a
         premium is shown under “Coverage Symbol D” in the
         “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the Declarations.
    d. a camper is the deductible dollar amount shown in the
         “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the Declarations for the
         your car on which the camper is designed to be mounted or
         installed. If both the your car and the camper are damaged
         by the same loss, then only one deductible will apply.
2. The Collision Coverage deductible that applies to a covered
    vehicle that is:
    a. a your car is the deductible dollar amount shown in the
         “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the Declarations for that
         your car.
    b. a newly acquired car is the lesser of:
         (1) the lowest Collision Coverage deductible dollar amount
              shown in the “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the
              Declarations for any vehicle for which a premium is
              shown under “Coverage Symbol G” in the “POLICY
              PREMIUM” schedules on the Declarations; or
         (2) $500.
    c. a temporary substitute car, a non-owned car, a non-
         owned trailer, or a non-owned camper is the lowest
         deductible dollar amount shown in the “POLICY PREMIUM”
         schedules on the Declarations for any vehicle for which a
         premium is shown under “Coverage Symbol G” in the
         “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the Declarations.
    d. a camper is the deductible dollar amount shown in the
         “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the Declarations for the
         your car on which the camper is designed to be mounted or
         installed. If both the your car and the camper are damaged
         by the same loss caused by collision, then only one
         deductible will apply.
Additional Definitions
Covered Vehicle means:
1. a your car, but only for those coverages for which a premium for
    that your car is shown under the corresponding “Coverage
    Symbol” in the “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the
    Declarations;
2. a newly acquired car if a premium is shown under the
    corresponding “Coverage Symbol” in the “POLICY PREMIUM”
    schedules on the Declarations;

3.   a temporary substitute car if a premium is shown under the
     corresponding “Coverage Symbol” in the “POLICY PREMIUM”
     schedules on the Declarations;
4.   a camper that is:
     a. shown on the Declarations; and
     b. designed to be mounted or installed on a your car described
          in 1. above, but only for those coverages for which a
          premium is shown for that your car under the corresponding
          “Coverage Symbol” in the “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules
          on the Declarations;

5.   a non-owned car:
     a. if a premium is shown under the corresponding “Coverage
          Symbol” in the “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the
          Declarations; and
     b. while it is:
          (1) being driven by an insured; or
          (2) in the custody of an insured if at the time of the loss it
               is:
               (a) not being driven; or
               (b) being driven by a person other than an insured
                    and being occupied by an insured;
6. a non-owned trailer:
     a. if a premium is shown under the corresponding “Coverage
          Symbol” in the “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the
          Declarations; and
     b. while it is being used by an insured; and
7. a non-owned camper:
     a. if a premium is shown under the corresponding “Coverage
          Symbol” in the “POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the
          Declarations; and
     b. while it is being used by an insured.
A covered vehicle also includes the parts and equipment that are
common to the use of the vehicle as a vehicle. However, parts and
equipment of trailers and campers must be securely fixed as a
permanent part of the trailer or camper.
Daily Transportation Charge means the sum of:
1. the daily rental rate, including mileage charges and related taxes,
     incurred when an insured rents a car from a car business; and

2. commercial transportation expenses incurred by an insured.
Insured means you and resident relatives.
Loss means:
1. direct, sudden, and accidental damage to; or
2. total or partial theft of
a covered vehicle. Loss does not include any reduction in the value
of any covered vehicle after it has been repaired, as compared to its
value before it was damaged.
Loss Caused By Collision means a loss caused by:
1. a covered vehicle hitting or being hit by another vehicle or
     another object; or
2. the overturning of a covered vehicle.
Any loss caused by missiles, falling objects, windstorm, hail, fire,
explosion, earthquake, water, flood, total or partial theft, malicious
mischief, vandalism, riot, civil commotion, or hitting or being hit by a bird
or an animal is not a Loss Caused By Collision.

Non-Owned Camper means a camper designed to be mounted on a
pickup truck that is in the lawful possession of an insured and that
neither:
1. is owned by:
     a. an insured;
     b. any other person who resides primarily in your household;
          or
     c. an employer of any person described in a. or b. above; nor
2. has been used by, rented by, or in the possession of an insured
     during any part of each of the 31 or more consecutive days
     immediately prior to the date of the loss.

Non-Owned Trailer means a trailer that is in the lawful possession of
an insured and that neither:
1. is owned by:
     a. an insured;
     b. any other person who resides primarily in your household;
         or
     c. an employer of any person described in a. or b. above; nor

2.  has been used by, rented by, or in the possession of an insured
    during any part of each of the 31 or more consecutive days
    immediately prior to the date of the loss.
Insuring Agreements
1. Comprehensive Coverage
    a. We will pay for loss, except loss caused by collision, to a
         covered vehicle; and
    b. We will pay transportation expenses incurred by an insured
         as a result of the total theft of a covered vehicle owned by
         you. These transportation expenses are payable:

         (1) during the period that:
             (a) starts on the date you report the theft to us; and

              (b) ends on the earliest of:
                  (i) the date the vehicle is returned to your
                         possession in a drivable condition;
                  (ii) the date the vehicle has been replaced;
                  (iii) seven days after the date we offer to pay for
                         the loss if the vehicle has not yet been
                         recovered; or
                  (iv) seven days after the date we offer to pay for
                         the loss if the vehicle is recovered, but is a
                         total loss as determined by us; and
         (2) during the period that:
              (a) starts on the date the vehicle is left at a repair
                  facility if the stolen vehicle is recovered, returned
                  to your possession in a drivable condition, and has
                  unrepaired damage that resulted from the total
                  theft; and
              (b) ends on the date the vehicle is repaired.
         These transportation expenses must be reported to us
         before we will pay such incurred expenses.

     c.   The deductible does not apply to damage to the
          windshield of any covered vehicle.
2.   Collision Coverage
     a. We will pay for loss caused by collision to a covered
          vehicle.
     b. The deductible does not apply to the repair of
          windshield glass of any covered vehicle.
3.   Emergency Road Service Coverage
     We will pay the fair cost incurred by an insured for:
     a. up to one hour of labor to repair a covered vehicle at the
          place of its breakdown;
     b. towing to the nearest repair facility where necessary repairs
          can be made if a covered vehicle is not drivable;
     c. towing a covered vehicle out of a location where it is stuck
          if the vehicle is on or immediately next to a public road;

     d.  delivery of gas, oil, battery, or tire necessary to return a
         covered vehicle to driving condition. We do not pay the cost
         of the gas, oil, battery, or tire; and
     e. up to one hour of labor for locksmith services to unlock a
         covered vehicle if its key is lost, stolen, or locked inside the
         vehicle.
4.   Car Rental and Travel Expenses Coverage
     a. Car Rental and Transportation Reimbursement Expense
         We will pay the daily transportation charge incurred while
         a covered vehicle owned by you is not drivable or is being
         repaired as a result of a loss which would be payable under
         Comprehensive Coverage or Collision Coverage.

          We will pay the daily transportation charge incurred during
          a period that:
          (1) starts on the date:
               (a) the vehicle is not drivable as a result of the loss;
                    or
               (b) the vehicle is left at a repair facility if the vehicle is
                    drivable; and
          (2) ends on the earliest of:
               (a) the date the vehicle has been repaired or replaced;

                (b) the date we offer to pay for the loss if the vehicle is
                     repairable but you choose to delay repairs; or
                (c) seven days after we offer to pay for the loss if the
                     vehicle is:
                     (i) a total loss as determined by us; or
                     (ii) stolen and not recovered.
          The amount of any such daily transportation charge
          incurred by an insured must be reported to us before we
          will pay such amount.
     b.   Travel Expenses
          We will pay expenses for commercial transportation, lodging,
          and meals if a covered vehicle owned by you is not
          drivable as a result of a loss which would be payable under
          Comprehensive Coverage or Collision Coverage. The loss
          must occur more than 50 miles from your home. We will
          only pay these expenses if they are incurred by:

          (1) an insured during the period that:
              (a) starts after the loss occurs; and
              (b) ends on the earlier of:
                   (i) the insured’s arrival at their destination or
                        home if the vehicle is left behind for repairs;
                        or
                   (ii) the repair of the vehicle if the insured waits for
                        repairs before continuing on to their destination
                        or returning home; and
          (2) you, or any person you choose, to travel to retrieve the
              vehicle and drive it to either the original destination or
              your home if the vehicle was left behind for repairs.

          These expenses must be reported to us before we will pay
          such incurred expenses.
     c.   Rental Car – Repayment of Deductible Expense
          We will pay the comprehensive coverage deductible or
          collision coverage deductible an insured is required to pay
          the owner of a car rented or loaned from a car business.
          The deductible amount must be reported to us before we will
          pay.

Supplementary Pet Injury Coverage
We will pay:
1. veterinary expenses incurred for treatments, procedures, or
    products for a cat or dog injured in a loss. Such injury must be
    diagnosed within 30 days of the date of loss; and
2. the cost to replace the cat or dog, if such injury results in death.

The cat or dog must be occupying a covered vehicle which sustains
a loss for which we make a payment under Comprehensive Coverage
or Collision Coverage. These expenses must be incurred within one
year from the date of loss and must be reported to us before we will
pay.
We will not pay more than $1,000 per animal. Subject to the per animal
limit, we will not pay more than $2,000 per loss.

Supplementary Payments – Comprehensive Coverage and
Collision Coverage
If the covered vehicle sustains loss for which we make a payment
under Comprehensive Coverage or Collision Coverage, then we will
pay reasonable expenses incurred to:
1. tow the covered vehicle immediately after the loss:
      a. for a reasonable distance from the location of the loss to any
          one repair facility chosen by an insured or the owner of the
          covered vehicle, if the covered vehicle is not drivable; or

     b.   to any one repair facility or commercial storage facility, neither
          of which was chosen by an insured or the owner of the
          covered vehicle. We will also pay reasonable expenses
          incurred to tow the covered vehicle for a reasonable distance
          from this facility to any one repair facility chosen by an insured
          or the owner of the covered vehicle, if the covered vehicle
          is not drivable;

2.   store the covered vehicle, if it is not drivable immediately after
     the loss, at:
     a. any one repair facility or commercial storage facility, neither
          of which was chosen by an insured or the owner of the
          covered vehicle; and
     b. any one repair facility chosen by the owner of the covered
          vehicle, and we determine such vehicle is a total loss.

     If the owner of the covered vehicle consents, then we may move
     the covered vehicle at our expense to reduce storage costs. If
     the owner of the covered vehicle does not consent, then we will
     pay only the storage costs that would have resulted if we had
     moved the damaged covered vehicle; and
3. clean up debris from the covered vehicle at the location of the
     loss. The most we will pay to clean up the debris is $250 for any
     one loss.
Limit and Loss Settlement – Comprehensive Coverage and
Collision Coverage
1. We have the right to choose to settle with you or the owner of the
     covered vehicle in one of the following ways:
               a. Pay the cost to repair the covered vehicle minus
                     any applicable deductible.
                     (1) We have the right to choose one of the
                          following to determine the cost to repair the
                          covered vehicle:
                          (a) The cost agreed to by both the owner of
                               the covered vehicle and us;
                          (b) A bid or repair estimate approved by us;
                               or
                          (c) A repair estimate that is written based
                               upon or adjusted to:
                               (i) reasonable repair costs and labor
                                      rates as determined by us for the
                                      repair market where the covered
                                      vehicle is to be repaired;
                               (ii) the prevailing competitive price.
                                      Prevailing competitive price means
                                      prices charged by a majority of the
                                      repair market as determined by a
                                      survey made by us for the area
                                      where the covered vehicle is to be
                                      repaired;
                               (iii) the lower of paintless dent repair
                                      pricing established by an agreement
                                      we have with a third party or the
                                      paintless dent repair price that is
                                      competitive in the market; or
                               (iv) a combination of (i), (ii), or (iii)
                                      above.
                               If asked, we will identify at least one
                               facility that will perform the repairs with
                               the pricing and labor rates identified by
                               us.

                          The repair estimate will include parts
                          sufficient to restore the covered vehicle to its

                         pre-loss condition. You agree with us that the
                         repair estimate may include new, used,
                         recycled, and reconditioned parts. Any of
                         these parts may be either original equipment
                         manufacturer parts or non-original equipment
                         manufacturer parts, and you agree these
                         parts are sufficient to restore the covered
                         vehicle to its pre-loss condition.
                         You also agree that replacement glass need
                         not have any insignia, logo, trademark,
                         etching, or other marking that was on the
                         replaced glass.
                   (2) The cost to repair the covered vehicle does
                         not include any reduction in the value of the
                         covered vehicle after it has been repaired,
                         as compared to its value before it was
                         damaged.
                   (3) If the repair or replacement of a part results in
                         betterment of that part, then you or the owner
                         of the covered vehicle must pay for the
                         amount of the betterment;
     b.       Pay the actual cash value of the covered vehicle minus
              any applicable deductible.
          (1) The owner of the covered vehicle and we must agree
              upon the actual cash value of the covered vehicle. If
              there is disagreement as to the actual cash value of the
              covered vehicle, then the disagreement will be
              resolved by mediation or appraisal. Either the owner of
              the covered vehicle or we may request mediation or
              appraisal.
          (2) Mediation will follow the rules outlined in this policy, found
              under Mediation, in the section titled GENERAL TERMS.

          (3) Appraisal will follow the rules and procedures as listed
              below:
              (a) The owner and we will each select a competent
                   appraiser.
              (b) The two appraisers will select a third competent
                   appraiser. If they are unable to agree on a third
                   appraiser within 30 days, then either the owner or
                   we may petition a court that has jurisdiction to
                   select the third appraiser.

               (c) Each party will pay the cost of its own appraiser,
                   attorneys, and expert witnesses, as well as any other
                   expenses incurred by that party. Both parties will
                   share equally the cost of the third appraiser.

               (d) The appraisers shall only determine the actual
                   cash value of the covered vehicle. Appraisers
                   shall have no authority to decide any other
                   questions of fact, decide any questions of law, or
                   conduct appraisal on a class-wide or class-
                   representative basis.
               (e) A written appraisal that is both agreed upon by and
                   signed by any two appraisers, and that also

                     contains an explanation of how they arrived at their
                     appraisal, will be binding on the owner of the
                     covered vehicle and us.
               (f)   We do not waive any of our rights by submitting to
                     an appraisal.

          (4) The damaged covered vehicle must be given to us in
              exchange for our payment, unless we agree that the
              owner may keep it. If the owner keeps the covered
              vehicle, then our payment will be reduced by the value
              of the covered vehicle after the loss; or

     c.    Return the stolen covered vehicle to its owner and pay, as
           described in 1.a. above, for any direct, sudden, and
           accidental damage that resulted from the theft.
2. The most we will pay for transportation expenses under
    Comprehensive Coverage is $25 per day subject to an aggregate
    limit of $750 per loss.
3. The most we will pay for loss to a non-owned trailer or a non-
    owned camper is $2,500.
4. If there is disagreement as to the cost of repair, replacement, or
      recalibration of glass, an appraisal will be used as the first step
      toward resolution. Appraisal will follow the rules and procedures
      as listed below:
   a. The owner and we will each select a competent appraiser.
   b. The two appraisers will select a third competent appraiser. If
          they are unable to agree on a third appraiser within 30 days,
          then either the owner or we may petition a court that has
          jurisdiction to select the third appraiser.
   c. Each party will pay the cost of its own appraiser, attorneys,
          and expert witnesses, as well as any other expenses incurred
          by that party. Both parties will share equally the cost of the
          third appraiser.
   d. The appraisers shall only determine the cost of repair,
          replacement, and recalibration of glass. Appraisers shall
          have no authority to decide any other questions of fact,
          decide any questions of law, or conduct appraisal on a class-
          wide or class-representative basis.
   e. A written appraisal that is both agreed upon by and signed by
          any two appraisers, and that also contains an explanation of
          how they arrived at their appraisal, will be binding on the
          owner of the covered vehicle and us.
   f. We and you do not waive any rights by submitting to an
          appraisal.

Limit – Car Rental and Travel Expenses Coverage
1. Car Rental and Transportation Reimbursement Expense
    a. The limit for Car Rental and Transportation Reimbursement
         Expense is shown in the “COVERAGES AND LIMITS”
         schedule on the Declarations.
          (1) The most we will pay per day for the daily
              transportation charge incurred as a result of any one
              loss to a covered vehicle owned by you is shown
              under “Each Day” for that covered vehicle owned by
              you. If:

              (a) a dollar amount is shown, then we will pay the
                  daily transportation charge up to that dollar
                  amount; or
              (b) a percentage amount is shown, then we will pay that
                  percentage of the daily transportation charge.

         (2) Subject to (1) above, the most we will pay for daily
              transportation charge incurred as a result of any one
              loss to a covered vehicle owned by you is the dollar
              amount shown under “Each Loss” for that covered
              vehicle owned by you.
     b. The Car Rental and Transportation Reimbursement
         Expense limit that applies to a newly acquired car is the
         highest limit shown in the “COVERAGES AND LIMITS”
         schedule on the Declarations.
2.   Travel Expenses
     The most we will pay for Travel Expenses incurred by all
     insureds as a result of any one loss is $500.
3.   Rental Car – Repayment of Deductible Expense
     The most we will pay for Rental Car – Repayment of Deductible
     Expense incurred as a result of any one loss is $500.

Nonduplication
We will not pay for any loss or expense under the Physical Damage
Coverages for which the insured or owner of the covered vehicle has
already received payment from, or on behalf of, a party who is legally
liable for the loss or expense.
Exclusions
THERE IS NO COVERAGE FOR:
1. ANY COVERED VEHICLE THAT IS:
      a. INTENTIONALLY DAMAGED; OR
      b. STOLEN
      BY, OR AT THE DIRECTION OF, AN INSURED;
2. ANY COVERED VEHICLE WHILE IT IS RENTED TO OR
      LEASED TO OTHERS, BY AN INSURED, INCLUDING
      PERSONAL VEHICLE SHARING, PEER-TO-PEER CAR
      SHARING OR OTHER SIMILAR PROGRAM;

3.   ANY COVERED VEHICLE WHILE IT IS:
     a. MADE AVAILABLE; OR
     b. BEING USED
     TO CARRY PERSONS FOR A CHARGE. This exclusion does
     not apply to the use of a private passenger car on a share-the-
     expense basis;
4.   ANY COVERED VEHICLE DUE TO:
     a. THEFT;
     b. CONVERSION;
     c. EMBEZZLEMENT; OR
     d. SECRETION
     BY AN INSURED, A CONSIGNEE, AN AGENT OF A
     CONSIGNEE, OR A PERSON WHO OBTAINS POSSESSION
     OF THE COVERED VEHICLE WITH THE PERMISSION OF A
     CONSIGNEE OR AGENT OF A CONSIGNEE;

5.   LOSS TO A COVERED VEHICLE OWNED BY YOU IF AN
     INSURED VOLUNTARILY RELINQUISHES POSSESSION OF
     THAT CAR TO A PERSON OR ORGANIZATION UNDER AN
     ACTUAL OR PRESUMED SALES AGREEMENT;

6.   ANY COVERED VEHICLE TO THE EXTENT OUR PAYMENT
     WOULD BENEFIT ANY CARRIER OR OTHER BAILEE FOR
     HIRE THAT IS LIABLE FOR LOSS TO SUCH COVERED
     VEHICLE;
7.   LOSS TO ANY COVERED VEHICLE DUE TO FUNGI. THIS
     APPLIES REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT THE FUNGI
     RESULT FROM A LOSS THAT IS PAYABLE UNDER ANY OF
     THE PHYSICAL DAMAGE COVERAGES. WE WILL ALSO NOT
     PAY FOR ANY TESTING OR REMEDIATION OF FUNGI, OR ANY
     ADDITIONAL COSTS REQUIRED TO REPAIR ANY COVERED
     VEHICLE THAT ARE DUE TO THE EXISTENCE OF FUNGI;

8.   LOSS TO ANY COVERED VEHICLE THAT RESULTS FROM:
     a. NUCLEAR REACTION;
     b. RADIATION OR RADIOACTIVE CONTAMINATION FROM ANY
        SOURCE; OR

     c.   THE ACCIDENTAL OR INTENTIONAL DETONATION OF,
          OR RELEASE OF RADIATION FROM, ANY NUCLEAR OR
          RADIOACTIVE DEVICE;

9.   LOSS TO ANY COVERED VEHICLE THAT RESULTS FROM THE
     TAKING OF OR SEIZURE OF THAT COVERED VEHICLE BY ANY
     GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY;

10. LOSS TO ANY COVERED VEHICLE THAT RESULTS FROM
    WAR OF ANY KIND;

11. A COVERED VEHICLE THAT IS A YOUR CAR WHILE SUBJECT
    TO ANY:
    a. LIEN AGREEMENT;
    b. RENTAL AGREEMENT;
    c. LEASE AGREEMENT; OR
    d. SALES AGREEMENT
    NOT SHOWN ON THE DECLARATIONS;
12. ANY NON-OWNED CAR WHILE IT IS:
    a. BEING MAINTAINED OR USED BY ANY PERSON WHILE
        THAT PERSON IS EMPLOYED IN OR ENGAGED IN ANY
        WAY IN A CAR BUSINESS; OR

     b. USED IN ANY BUSINESS OR OCCUPATION OTHER
        THAN A CAR BUSINESS. This exclusion (12.b.) does not
        apply to a private passenger car;
13. ANY PART OR EQUIPMENT OF A COVERED VEHICLE IF THAT
    PART OR EQUIPMENT:
    a. FAILS OR IS DEFECTIVE; OR
    b. IS DAMAGED AS A DIRECT RESULT OF:
        (1) WEAR AND TEAR;
        (2) FREEZING; OR

          (3) MECHANICAL, ELECTRICAL, OR ELECTRONIC
              BREAKDOWN OR MALFUNCTION
          OF THAT PART OR EQUIPMENT.

    This exclusion does not apply if the loss is the result of theft of
    the covered vehicle;
14. ANY PART OR EQUIPMENT:
    a. THAT IS NOT LEGAL FOR USE IN OR ON THE COVERED
         VEHICLE IN THE JURISDICTION WHERE THE COVERED
         VEHICLE IS REGISTERED; OR

     b.   THE USE OF WHICH IS NOT LEGAL IN THE
          JURISDICTION WHERE THE COVERED VEHICLE IS
          REGISTERED BECAUSE OF HOW OR WHERE THAT
          PART OR EQUIPMENT IS INSTALLED IN OR ON THE
          COVERED VEHICLE.

     However, if there is a legal version of the part or equipment that
     is necessary for the safe operation of the covered vehicle, then
     we will pay the cost that we would otherwise have paid to repair
     the vehicle with the legal version of the part or equipment. We
     will not pay any cost necessary to modify the vehicle for
     installation of the legal version of the part or equipment;

15. TIRES. This exclusion does not apply if:
    a. loss is caused by missiles, falling objects, windstorm, hail,
        fire, explosion, earthquake, water, flood, total or partial theft,
        malicious mischief, vandalism, riot, civil commotion, or hitting
        or being hit by a bird or an animal; or

     b. loss caused by collision to another part of the covered
        vehicle causes loss to tires;
16. REMOVABLE PRODUCTS USED FOR STORAGE OF AUDIO,
    VIDEO, OR OTHER DATA, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
    TAPES, DISCS, AND MEMORY CARDS, NOR IS THERE
    COVERAGE FOR THE RECONSTRUCTION OF DATA
    CONTAINED THEREIN;

17. ANY EQUIPMENT USED TO DETECT OR INTERFERE WITH
    SPEED MEASURING DEVICES;
18. A CAMPER, INCLUDING ITS PARTS AND ITS EQUIPMENT,
    THAT IS:
    a. DESIGNED TO BE MOUNTED ON A PICKUP TRUCK;

     b.   OWNED BY AN INSURED; AND
     c.   NOT SHOWN ON THE DECLARATIONS; OR

19. ANY COVERED VEHICLE WHILE IT IS:
    a. BEING PREPARED FOR, USED IN PRACTICE FOR, OR
        OPERATED IN ANY RACING CONTEST, SPEED
        CONTEST, HILL-CLIMBING CONTEST, JUMPING
        CONTEST, OR ANY SIMILAR CONTEST; OR

     b.   ON A TRACK DESIGNED PRIMARILY FOR RACING OR
          HIGH-SPEED DRIVING. This exclusion (19.b.) does not apply
          if the vehicle is being used in connection with an activity other

          than racing, high-speed driving, or any type of competitive
          driving.

20. ANY COVERED VEHICLE WHILE THE DRIVER OF THE
    COVERED VEHICLE IS LOGGED ON TO A TRANSPORTATION
    NETWORK COMPANY’S DIGITAL NETWORK.

If Other Physical Damage Coverage or Similar Coverage Applies

1.   If the same loss or expense is payable under more than one of the
     physical damage coverages provided by this policy, then only the
     one coverage that pays the most for that loss or expense applies.

2.   If any of the physical damage coverages provided by this policy
     and one or more other policies issued to an insured by the State
     Farm Companies apply to the same loss or expense, then only
     one policy applies. We will select a policy that pays the most for
     the loss or expense.
3.   The physical damage coverages provided by this policy apply as
     primary coverage for a loss to a your car.
     If similar coverage provided by one or more sources other than the
     State Farm Companies also applies as primary coverage for the
     same loss or expense, then the State Farm Companies will pay the
     proportion of the loss or expense payable as primary that the
     maximum amount that may be paid by the State Farm Companies
     bears to the sum of such amount and the limits of all other similar
     coverage that applies as primary coverage.

4.   Except as provided in 3. above, the physical damage coverages
     provided by this policy apply as excess coverage.
     If similar coverage provided by one or more sources other than
     the State Farm Companies also applies as excess coverage for
     the same loss or expense, then the State Farm Companies will
     pay the proportion of the loss or expense payable as excess that
     the maximum amount that may be paid by the State Farm
     Companies bears to the sum of such amount and the limits of all
     other similar coverage that applies as excess coverage.

Financed Vehicle
1. If a creditor is shown on the Declarations in relation to any vehicle
    shown in the “VEHICLE SCHEDULE” on the Declarations, then
    any Comprehensive Coverage or Collision Coverage provided by
    this policy for that vehicle also applies to that creditor’s interest in
    that vehicle. Coverage for the creditor’s interest is only provided
    for a loss that is payable to you.
    However, if this policy is cancelled or nonrenewed, then we will
    provide coverage for the creditor’s interest until we notify the
    creditor of the termination of such coverage. This coverage for the
    creditor’s interest is only provided for a loss that would have been
    payable to you if this policy had not been cancelled or
    nonrenewed. The date such termination is effective will be at
    least 10 days after the date we provide notice of the termination
    to the creditor.
2. If we pay such creditor, then we are entitled to the creditor’s right
    of recovery against you to the extent of our payment. Our right

    of recovery does not impair the creditor’s right to recover the full
    amount of its claim.
Our Payment Options
1. Comprehensive Coverage and Collision Coverage
    a. We may, at our option, make payment to one or more of the
         following for loss to a covered vehicle owned by you:

         (1) You;
         (2) The repairer; or
         (3) A creditor shown on the Declarations, to the extent of its
               interest.
     b. We may, at our option, make payment to one or more of the
         following for loss to a covered vehicle not owned by you:
         (1) You;
         (2) The owner of such vehicle;
         (3) The repairer; or
         (4) A creditor, to the extent of its interest.
2.   Emergency Road Service Coverage and Car Rental and
     Travel Expenses Coverage

     We may, at our option, make payment to one or more of the
     following:
     a. You;
     b. The insured who incurred the expense; or
     c. Any party that provided the service for which payment is
           owed.

      DEATH, DISMEMBERMENT AND LOSS OF SIGHT
                    COVERAGE
This policy provides Death, Dismemberment and Loss of Sight
Coverage if a premium is shown under “Coverage Symbol S” in the
“POLICY PREMIUM” schedules on the Declarations.
Additional Definition
Insured means a person whose name is shown under “Death,
Dismemberment and Loss of Sight Coverage – Persons Insured” on
the Declarations.
Insuring Agreement
We will pay the highest applicable benefit shown in the following Death,
Dismemberment and Loss of Sight Benefits Schedules if an insured:

1.   dies; or
2.   suffers dismemberment or permanent loss of sight, as described
     in the schedule
as the direct result of an accident that involves the use of a land motor
vehicle or any type of trailer as a vehicle and not due to any other
cause.
The insured must be occupying or be struck as a pedestrian by a
land motor vehicle or any type of trailer at the time of the accident. The
death, dismemberment, or permanent loss of sight must occur within
90 days immediately following the date of the accident.

Benefit
The applicable benefit shown in the schedule is the most we will pay
for any one insured in any one accident. Any benefit paid or payable

for dismemberment or permanent loss of sight reduces the death
benefit.
The benefits shown in the schedules are doubled for an insured who
at the time of the accident was occupying a private passenger car
and using a seat belt in the manner recommended by the vehicle’s
manufacturer.
                        Death, Dismemberment and
                     Loss of Sight Benefits Schedules
 If the dollar amount shown under “Limit” in the “COVERAGES
 AND LIMITS” schedule on the Declarations is $5,000, then we
 will pay the applicable benefit shown below for death or for the
 described dismemberment or permanent loss of sight:
 Death                                                      $5,000
 Loss of both hands; both feet; all sight of both           $5,000
 eyes; one hand and one foot; or one hand or
 one foot and all sight of one eye
 Loss of one hand or one foot; or all sight                 $2,500
 of one eye
 Loss of the thumb and a finger on one                      $1,500
 hand; or any three fingers
 Loss of any two fingers                                    $1,000
 The hand must be cut off through or above the wrist. The foot must
 be cut off through or above the ankle. The whole thumb or finger
 must be cut off.

 If the dollar amount shown under “Limit” in the “COVERAGES
 AND LIMITS” schedule on the Declarations is $10,000, then we
 will pay the applicable benefit shown below for death or for the
 described dismemberment or permanent loss of sight:
 Death                                                     $10,000
 Loss of both hands; both feet; all sight of both          $10,000
 eyes; one hand and one foot; or one hand or
 one foot and all sight of one eye
 Loss of one hand or one foot; or all sight                 $5,000
 of one eye
 Loss of the thumb and a finger on one                      $3,000
 hand; or any three fingers
 Loss of any two fingers                                    $2,000
 The hand must be cut off through or above the wrist. The foot must
 be cut off through or above the ankle. The whole thumb or finger
 must be cut off.

Exclusions – Death, Dismemberment and Loss of Sight Coverage
DEATH, DISMEMBERMENT AND LOSS OF SIGHT COVERAGE
DOES NOT APPLY TO AN INSURED:
1. WHILE IN THE COURSE AND SCOPE OF THEIR
    EMPLOYMENT IN A CAR BUSINESS;
2. WHILE OCCUPYING, LOADING, OR UNLOADING:
    a. AN EMERGENCY VEHICLE IN THE COURSE AND SCOPE
        OF THEIR EMPLOYMENT;
    b. A VEHICLE, OTHER THAN AN EMERGENCY VEHICLE,
        WHILE USED IN THE:
        (1) INSURED’S BUSINESS; OR

          (2) COURSE AND SCOPE OF THEIR EMPLOYMENT IN
              OTHER THAN A CAR BUSINESS.

          This exclusion (2.b.) does not apply if the vehicle is a private
          passenger car;
     c.   A MILITARY VEHICLE; OR
     d.   A VEHICLE WHILE IT IS:
          (1) BEING PREPARED FOR, USED IN PRACTICE FOR, OR
               OPERATED IN ANY PREARRANGED OR ORGANIZED
               RACING CONTEST, SPEED CONTEST, HILL-CLIMBING
               CONTEST, JUMPING CONTEST, OR ANY SIMILAR
               CONTEST; OR
          (2) ON A TRACK DESIGNED PRIMARILY FOR RACING
               OR HIGH-SPEED DRIVING. This exclusion (2.d.(2))
               does not apply if the vehicle is being used in connection
               with an activity other than racing, high-speed driving, or
               any type of competitive driving;

3.   WHILE OCCUPYING, LOADING, UNLOADING, OR WHO IS
     STRUCK AS A PEDESTRIAN BY:
     a. A MOTOR VEHICLE THAT RUNS ON RAILS OR
        CRAWLER-TREADS;
     b. A MOTOR VEHICLE THAT IS DESIGNED FOR USE
        PRIMARILY OFF PUBLIC ROADS WHILE OFF PUBLIC
        ROADS; OR
     c. A MOTOR VEHICLE OR ANY TYPE OF TRAILER, EITHER
        OF WHICH IS LOCATED FOR USE AS A DWELLING OR
        OTHER PREMISES; OR
4.   FOR DEATH, DISMEMBERMENT, AND LOSS OF SIGHT THAT
     RESULTS FROM:
     a. WAR OF ANY KIND;
     b. NUCLEAR REACTION, RADIATION OR RADIOACTIVE
        CONTAMINATION FROM ANY SOURCE, OR THE
        ACCIDENTAL OR INTENTIONAL DETONATION OF, OR
        RELEASE OF RADIATION FROM, ANY NUCLEAR OR
        RADIOACTIVE DEVICE;
     c. EXPOSURE TO FUNGI;
     d. SUICIDE OR ATTEMPTED SUICIDE REGARDLESS OF
        WHETHER THE INSURED WAS SANE OR INSANE; OR

     e. DISEASE except pus-forming infection due to bodily injury
        sustained in the accident.
Our Payment Options – Death, Dismemberment and Loss of Sight
Coverage
We may, at our option, make payment to one or more of the following:

1.  The insured;
2.  The insured’s surviving spouse;
3.  A parent or guardian of the insured, if the insured is a minor or
    an incompetent person; or
 4. A person or organization authorized by law to receive such
     payment.

                        INSURED’S DUTIES
1.   Insured’s Duty at the Time of an Accident or Loss

     The insured must make a reasonable effort to identify:
     a. the owners, operators, and passengers of the vehicles involved
          in the accident or loss;
     b. the person or persons involved in the accident or loss; and

     c. the potential witnesses to the accident or loss.
2.   Notice to Us of an Accident or Loss
     The insured must give us or one of our agents notice of the
     accident or loss as soon as reasonably possible. The notice must
     give us:
     a. your name;
     b. the names and addresses of all persons involved in the
          accident or loss;
     c. the hour, date, place, and facts of the accident or loss; and

     d.  the names and addresses of witnesses to the accident or
         loss.
3.   Notice to Us of a Claim or Lawsuit
     a. If a claim is made against an insured, then that insured
         must immediately send us every demand, notice, and claim
         received.
     b. If a lawsuit is filed against an insured, then that insured must
         immediately send us every summons and legal process
         received.
4.   Insured’s Duty to Cooperate With Us
     a. The insured must cooperate with us and, when asked,
         assist us in:
         (1) making settlements;
         (2) securing and giving evidence; and
         (3) attending, and getting witnesses to attend, depositions,
               hearings, and trials.
     b. The insured must not, except at their own cost, voluntarily:

         (1) make any payment to others; or
         (2) assume any obligation to others
         unless authorized by the terms of this policy.
     c. Any person or organization making claim under this policy
         must, when we require, give us proof of loss on forms we
         furnish.
5.   Questioning Under Oath
     Under:
     a. No-Fault Coverage, each insured making claim or seeking
         payment, must, at our option:
         (1) submit to an examination under oath;
         (2) provide a statement under oath; or
         (3) do both (1) and (2) above,
         as often as we reasonably require. Such insured must
         answer questions under oath, asked by anyone we name,
         and sign copies of the answers. We may require each
         insured answering questions under oath to answer the
         questions with only that insured’s legal representative, our
         representatives, any person or persons designated by us
         to record the questions and answers, and no other person
         present.
         The scope of the questioning during the examination under
         oath is limited to relevant information or information that

          could reasonably be expected to lead to relevant information.
          Compliance with Questioning Under Oath is a condition
          precedent to receiving benefits.

     b.   all other coverage, each insured making claim or seeking
          payment must, at our option:
          (1) submit to an examination under oath;
          (2) provide a statement under oath; or
          (3) do both (1) and (2) above,
          as often as we reasonably require. Such insured must
          answer questions under oath, asked by anyone we name,
          and sign copies of the answers. We may require each
          insured answering questions under oath to answer the
          questions with only that insured’s legal representative, our
          representatives, any person or persons designated by us
          to record the questions and answers, and no other person
          present.

6.   Other Duties Under the Physical Damage Coverages
     When there is a loss, you or the owner of the covered vehicle
     must:
     a. protect the covered vehicle from additional damage. We
         will pay any reasonable expense incurred to do so that is
         reported to us;
     b. make a prompt report to the police when the loss is the result
         of theft or vandalism;
     c. allow us to:
         (1) inspect any damaged property:
               (a) before its repair or disposal; and
               (b) during its repair;
         (2) test any part or equipment before that part or equipment
               is removed or repaired; and
         (3) move the covered vehicle at our expense in order to
               conduct such inspection or testing;
     d. provide us all:
         (1) records;
         (2) receipts;
         (3) invoices; and
         (4) authorizations
         that we request and allow us to make copies; and
     e. not abandon the covered vehicle to us.
7.   Other Duties Under No-Fault Coverage, Medical Payments
     Coverage, Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage, and Death,
     Dismemberment and Loss of Sight Coverage

     A person making claim under:
     a. No-Fault Coverage, Medical Payments Coverage,
         Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage, or Death,
         Dismemberment and Loss of Sight Coverage:
         (1) notify us of the claim and give us all the details about
             the death, injury, treatment, and other information that
             we may need as soon as reasonably possible after the
             injured insured is first examined or treated for the
             injury. If the insured is unable to give us notice, then
             any other person may give us the required notice;

         (2) submit to be examined as often as we may
             reasonably require by physicians chosen and paid
             by us. A copy of the report will be sent to the
             person upon written request.
             (a) Under No-Fault Coverage, if an insured
                 unreasonably refuses to submit to an examination,
                 then we are no longer liable for subsequent
                 benefits. An insured’s refusal to submit to,
                 complete, or failure to appear at two examinations
                 raises a rebuttable presumption that the insured’s
                 refusal or failure was unreasonable;

             (b) Under Medical Payments Coverage, Uninsured
                 Motor Vehicle Coverage – Stacking, and
                 Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage – Non-
                 Stacking, and Death, Dismemberment and Loss of
                 Sight Coverage, if an insured unreasonably
                 refuses to submit to an examination, then we are
                 not liable for coverage benefits. An insured’s
                 refusal to submit to, complete, or failure to appear
                 at two examinations will be considered
                 unreasonable;
         (3) provide written authorization for us to obtain
             medical      bills,     medical       records,     wage
             information, salary information, employment
             information, and any other relevant
             information we deem reasonably necessary to
             substantiate the claim.
             Such authorizations must not:
             (a) restrict us from performing our business functions
                 in:
                 (i) obtaining relevant and reasonably necessary
                       records, bills, information, and data; nor
                 (ii) using or retaining relevant and reasonably
                       necessary records, bills, information, and
                       data collected or received by us;

              (b) require us to violate federal or state laws or
                    regulations;
              (c) prevent us from fulfilling our data reporting and
                    data retention obligations to insurance regulators;
                    or
              (d) prevent us from disclosing claim information and
                    data:
                    (i) to enable performance of our business
                          functions;
                    (ii) to meet our reporting obligations to insurance
                          regulators;
                    (iii) to meet our reporting obligations to insurance
                          data consolidators; and
                    (iv) as otherwise permitted by law.
              If an injured insured is a minor, unable to act, or dead,
              then their legal representative must provide us with the
              written authorization.

               If the holder of the information refuses to provide it to
               us despite the authorization, then at our request the
               person making claim or their legal representative must
               obtain the information and promptly provide it to us;

          (4) submit to us all information we need to comply with
                federal and state laws and regulations; and
          (5) allow us to inspect the vehicle that the insured
                occupied in the accident;
     b.   No-Fault Coverage or Medical Payments Coverage must, at
          our request, submit documentation from the appropriate
          health-care provider described in 1.a. or 1.b. under the
          Insuring Agreement of this policy’s No-Fault Coverage, or
          described in 2.a. or 2.b. under the Insuring Agreement of this
          policy’s Medical Payments Coverage, confirming whether that
          healthcare provider determined the injured insured had, or did
          not have, an emergency medical condition;

     c.   Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage must report an accident
          involving a motor vehicle whose owner and driver remain
          unknown to the police within 24 hours or as soon as
          reasonably practicable, and to us within 30 days; and
     d.   No-Fault Coverage and Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage
          must send us immediately a copy of all lawsuit papers if the
          insured files a lawsuit against the party liable for the
          accident.

                         GENERAL TERMS
1.   When Coverage Applies
     The coverages provided by this policy are shown on the
     Declarations and apply to accidents and losses that occur during
     the policy period. The policy period is shown on the Declarations
     and is for successive periods of six months each for which the
     renewal premium is paid. The policy period begins and ends at
     12:01 AM Standard Time at the address shown on the Declarations.

2.   Where Coverage Applies
     The coverages provided by this policy are shown on the
     Declarations:
     a. Liability Coverage, Property Damage Liability Coverage,
         Medical Payments Coverage, Uninsured Motor Vehicle
         Coverage, and Physical Damage Coverages apply to
         accidents and losses that occur:
         (1) in the United States of America and its territories and
               possessions;
         (2) in Canada; and
         (3) while a vehicle for which coverage is provided by this policy
               is being shipped between the ports of the United States of
               America, its territories, its possessions, and Canada.

     b.   No-Fault Coverage applies to accidental bodily injury
          sustained:
          (1) by an insured in Florida; and
          (2) by you and relatives outside Florida; but within:

               (a) the United States of America, its territories or
                    possessions; or
               (b) Canada,
               while occupying your car, a newly acquired car, or a
               temporary substitute car.
     c. Death, Dismemberment and Loss of Sight Coverage applies
          anywhere in the world.
3.    Required Out-of-State Coverage
     If:
     a. this policy provides Liability Coverage and an insured, as
          defined under the Liability Coverage of this policy, is in
          another state of the United States of America, a territory
          or possession of the United States of America, the District
          of Columbia, or any province or territory of Canada, and
          as a nonresident becomes subject to its motor vehicle
          compulsory insurance law, financial responsibility law, or
          similar law; and
     b. this policy does not provide at least the minimum amounts
          and types of coverage required by such law for such
          nonresident,
     then this policy will be interpreted to provide the minimum
     amounts and types of coverage required by such law for such
     nonresident.
     This provision does not apply to coverage required by law for
     motor carriers of passengers or motor carriers of property.

4.    Financial Responsibility Certification
     When this policy is certified under any law as proof of future
     financial responsibility, and while required during the policy
     period, this policy will comply with such law to the extent required.

5.   Limited Coverage in Mexico
     This policy does not provide Mexican auto insurance and does
     not comply with Mexican auto insurance requirements. If you or
     any other insured plan to drive in Mexico, then auto insurance
     providing coverage in Mexico should be purchased from a
     Mexican insurance company.
     Subject to the above paragraph, the following coverages apply in
     Mexico, but only for accidents and losses that occur in Mexico
     within 50 miles of the United States of America border and only
     for insureds as defined under each of the following coverages:

     a.   Liability Coverage
          For claims brought against an insured in Mexico, the
          Supplementary Payments provision of this policy’s Liability
          Coverage is changed to read:
          We may, in addition to the damages described in item 1. of
          the Insuring Agreement of this policy’s Liability Coverage,
          pay or reimburse, at our option, reasonable attorney fees for
          an attorney licensed in Mexico to appear for and provide
          advice to insureds as defined under this policy’s Liability
          Coverage. The amount of such attorney fees incurred by an
          insured must be reported to us before we will make
          payment.
     b.   Property Damage Liability Coverage

          For claims brought against an insured in Mexico, the
          Supplementary Payments provision of this policy’s
          Property Damage Liability Coverage is changed to read:
          We may, in addition to the damages described in items 1.
          and 2. of the Insuring Agreement of this policy’s Property
          Damage Liability Coverage, pay or reimburse, at our option,
          reasonable attorney fees for an attorney licensed in Mexico
          to appear for and provide advice to insureds as defined
          under this policy’s Property Damage Liability Coverage. The
          amount of such attorney fees incurred by an insured must
          be reported to us before we will make payment.

     c.   Medical Payments Coverage

     d.   Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage - Stacking and
          Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage – Non-Stacking

     e.   Physical Damage Coverages
          Any amount payable for the repair or replacement of the
          covered vehicle under the Limit and Loss Settlement –
          Comprehensive Coverage and Collision Coverage
          provision of this policy will be limited to the cost to repair or
          replace the covered vehicle in the United States of America.

     WE HAVE NO DUTY TO PROVIDE A DEFENSE FOR YOU OR
     ANY OTHER INSURED IN ANY CRIMINAL, CIVIL, OR OTHER
     ACTION.
     WE HAVE NO DUTY TO PAY ANY CLAIM OR COST THAT
     WOULD NOT BE PAYABLE UNDER THIS POLICY IF THE
     ACCIDENT OR LOSS HAD OCCURRED IN THE STATE OF
     FLORIDA IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

     All other policy provisions not in conflict with the provisions in this
     Limited Coverage in Mexico provision of this policy apply.

     If Other Coverage Applies
     Any coverage provided by this Limited Coverage in Mexico
     provision is excess over any other applicable insurance.

     Legal Action Against Us
     Any legal action against us arising out of an accident or loss
     occurring in Mexico must be brought in a Florida state
     court or a United States District Court that has jurisdiction.

6.   Newly Owned or Newly Leased Car
     If you want to insure a car newly owned by you with the State Farm
     Companies after that car ceases to be a newly acquired car, then
     you must either:
     a. request we replace a car currently shown on the Declarations
           of this policy with the car newly owned by you and pay us any
           added amount due. If you make such request while this policy
           is in force and:
           (1) before the car newly owned by you ceases to be a
                  newly acquired car, then that car newly owned by
                  you will be insured by this policy as a your car
                  beginning on the date the car newly owned by you is
                  delivered to you. The added amount due will be
                  calculated based on that date; or
           (2) after the car newly owned by you ceases to be a
                  newly acquired car, then that car newly owned by
                  you will be insured by this policy as a your car
                  beginning on the date and time you make the request.
                  The added amount due will be calculated based on that
                  date; or
     b. apply to the State Farm Companies for separate coverage
           to insure the car newly owned by you. Such coverage will
           be provided only if both the applicant and the vehicle are
           eligible for coverage at the time of the application. A vehicle
           newly owned by you or newly leased by you is not eligible
           for coverage under this policy if this policy is endorsed with
           the Certificate of Guaranteed Renewal endorsement; or
     c. apply to the State Farm Companies for a separate policy to
           insure the car newly owned by you. Such policy will be
           issued only if both the applicant and the vehicle are eligible
           for coverage at the time of the application.

     If your spouse or a resident relative wants to insure a car newly
     owned by either with the State Farm Companies after that car
     ceases to be a newly acquired car, then your spouse or the
     resident relative must apply to the State Farm Companies for a
     separate policy to insure the car newly owned by either. Such
     policy will be issued only if both the applicant and the vehicle are
     eligible for coverage at the time of the application.
7.   Changes to This Policy
     a. Changes in Policy Provisions
           We may only change the provisions of this policy by:
           (1) issuing a revised policy booklet, a revised Declarations,
                 or an endorsement; or
           (2) revising this policy to give broader coverage without an
                 additional premium charge. If any coverage provided
                 by this policy is changed to give broader coverage, then
                 we will give you the broader coverage as of the date
                 we make the change effective in the state of Florida
                 without issuing a revised policy booklet, a revised
                 Declarations, or an endorsement.

     b.   Change of Interest
          (1) No change of interest in this policy is effective unless
              we consent in writing.

          (2) Except under Death, Dismemberment and Loss of Sight
              Coverage, if a person shown as a named insured on the
              Declarations dies, then the definition of insured under
              each of the coverages provided by this policy is changed
              to include:
              (a) any person with lawful custody of a your car, a
                    newly acquired car, or a temporary substitute car
                    until a legal representative is qualified; and then

               (b) the legal representative of the deceased named
                    insured.
               This only applies while such person is maintaining or
               using a your car, a newly acquired car, or a
               temporary substitute car.

     c.  Joint and Individual Interests
         If you consists of more than one person or entity, then each
         acts for all to change or cancel the policy.
     d. Change of Policy Address
         We may change the named insured’s policy address as
         shown on the Declarations and in our records to the most
         recent address provided to us by:
         (1) you; or
         (2) the United States Postal Service.
8.   Premium
     a. Unless as otherwise provided by an alternative payment plan
         in effect with the State Farm Companies with respect to the
         premium for this policy, the premium is due and payable in
         full on or before the first day of the policy period shown on
         the most recently issued Declarations.

     b.   The renewal premium for this policy will be based upon the rates
          in effect, the coverages carried, the applicable limits,
          deductibles, and other elements that affect the premium that
          apply at the time of renewal.
     c.   The premium for this policy may vary based upon:
          (1) the purchase of other products or services from the
               State Farm Companies;
          (2) the purchase of products or services from an
               organization that has entered into an agreement or
               contract with the State Farm Companies. The State
               Farm Companies do not warrant the merchantability,
               fitness, or quality of any product or service offered or
               provided by that organization; or

          (3) an agreement, concerning the insurance provided by
               this policy, that the State Farm Companies has with an
               organization of which you are a member, employee,
               subscriber, licensee, or franchisee.
     d.   The premium for this policy is based upon information we
          have received from you or other sources. You must inform
          us if any information regarding the following is incorrect or

           incomplete, or changes during the policy period, and you
           must answer questions we ask regarding the following:

           (1) Your cars, or their use, including annual mileage;
           (2) The persons who regularly drive a your car, including
                 newly licensed family members;
           (3) Your marital status; or
           (4) The location where your cars are primarily garaged.
           If the above information or any other information used to
           determine the premium is incorrect, incomplete, changes
           during the policy period, or is not provided to us when we
           ask, then we may decrease or increase the premium during
           the policy period. If we decrease the premium during the
           policy period, then we will provide a refund or a credit in the
           amount of the decrease. If we increase the premium during
           the policy period, then you must pay the amount of the
           increase.
     e.    If due to insufficient funds, payment of premium for this policy
           by debit card, credit card, electronic funds transfer, or
           electronic check is returned, is declined, or cannot be
           processed, we may impose an insufficient funds fee of $15
           per occurrence.

9.  Renewal
    We agree to renew this policy for the next policy period upon
    payment of the renewal premium when due, unless we provide a
    nonrenewal notice or a cancellation notice as set forth in the
    Nonrenewal and Cancellation provisions.
10. Nonrenewal
    If we decide not to renew this policy, then, at least 45 days before
    the end of the current policy period, we will provide a nonrenewal
    notice to the first named insured shown on the Declarations.

11. Cancellation
    a. How You May Cancel
       (1) You may cancel this policy by providing to us advance
             notice of the date cancellation is effective. We may
             confirm the cancellation in writing.

         (2) However, if this policy provides Liability Coverage or
              Property Damage Liability Coverage and No-Fault
              Coverage, you may not cancel your policy during the
              first two months immediately following the policy
              effective date unless:
              (a) your car has been totally destroyed;
              (b) you have transferred ownership of your car;
              (c) you have purchased another policy covering all
                    your car; or
              (d) you are a member of the United States Armed
                    Forces and have been called to or are on active
                    duty outside the United States in an emergency
                    situation.
      b. How and When We May Cancel
     (1) We may cancel this policy by providing a written notice to the
         most recent policy address that we have on record for the first

          named insured who is shown on the Declarations. The notice
          will provide the date cancellation is effective.

    (2) Except as provided under Cancellation Due to Incorrect
        Premium, the date cancellation is effective will be at least:

               (a) 10 days after the date we provide the cancellation
                   notice, if the cancellation is because the premium
                   was not paid when due; or

               (b) 45 days after we provide the cancellation notice, if
                   the cancellation is because of any other reason.

     (3) If we cancel this policy for nonpayment of premium during
          the first 30 days immediately following the effective date of
          this policy, we will do so only if a check used to pay the
          premium is dishonored for any reason or any other type of
          premium payment was subsequently determined to be
          rejected or invalid.
     (4) After this policy has been in force for more than 59 days, we
          will not cancel this policy before the end of the current policy
          period unless it is based on one or more of the following
          reasons:
          (a) Nonpayment of premium;
          (b) You, any resident relative, or any other person who
                usually drives a your car has had their driver’s license
                or motor vehicle registration under suspension or
                revocation during the policy period or the 180 days
                immediately preceding its effective date, or if the policy
                is a renewal, during its policy period; or

           (c) Material misrepresentation or fraud.

     c.   Cancellation Due to Incorrect Premium
          (1) If we determine that we have charged you an incorrect
              premium for coverages requested in your insurance
              application, we will immediately notify you of any
              additional premium due. You may:

               (a) maintain your policy in force by paying the
                   additional amount due by the date stated in the
                   notice; or
               (b) cancel your policy by the date stated in the notice
                   and receive a refund of any unearned premium.

          (2) If you fail to respond by the date stated in the notice we
              will cancel your policy. The date cancellation is
              effective will be at least 14 days after the date we
              provide the cancellation notice.

     d.   Return of Unearned Premium
          (1) If you cancel this policy:
              (a) then premium will be earned on a pro rata basis.
                   We may retain up to 10% of any unearned
                   premium. Any remaining unearned premium will
                   be provided to you within 30 days after the

                    effective date of the policy cancellation, or 30 days
                    after we receive your request to cancel this policy,
                    whichever is later. Delay in the return of unearned
                    premium does not affect the cancellation;

               (b) you may elect to apply the unearned portion of any
                   premium paid to unpaid balances of other policies
                   with the State Farm Companies.

          (2) If we cancel this policy:
              (a) then premium will be earned on a pro rata basis.
                   Any unearned premium will be provided to you at
                   the time we cancel the policy or within 15 days
                   after the effective date of the policy cancellation.
                   Delay in the return of unearned premium does not
                   affect the cancellation;

               (b) you may elect to apply the unearned portion of any
                   premium paid to unpaid balances of other policies
                   with the State Farm Companies.

12. Assignment
   No assignment of benefits or other transfer of rights is binding
   upon us unless approved by us. This does not include a post loss
   assignment of benefits; however, assignment of post-loss motor
   vehicle glass benefits is prohibited.

13. Bankruptcy or Insolvency of the Insured
    Bankruptcy or insolvency of the insured or their estate will not
    relieve us of our obligations under this policy.
14. Concealment or Fraud
    a. Coverages Other Than No-Fault and Medical Payments
          Coverage
          There is no coverage under this policy for any person who,
          or organization making claim or seeking payment that, has
          made false statements with the intent to conceal or
          misrepresent any material fact or circumstance in connection
          with any claim under this policy.

     b.   No-Fault Coverage and Medical Payments Coverage

          Benefits shall not be due or payable to or on behalf of an
          insured person if that person has committed, by material
          act or omission, any insurance fraud relating to No-Fault
          Coverage or Medical Payments Coverage under this policy,
          if the fraud is admitted to in a sworn statement by the
          insured or if it is established in a court of competent
          jurisdiction. Any insurance fraud shall void all coverage
          arising from the claim related to such fraud under No-Fault
          Coverage or Medical Payments Coverage of the insured
          person who committed the fraud, irrespective of whether a
          portion of the insured person’s claim may be legitimate, and
          any benefits paid prior to the discovery of the insured
          person’s insurance fraud shall be recoverable by us, in their
          entirety, from the person who committed insurance fraud.

          We are entitled to all our costs and attorney’s fees in any
          action in which we prevail that enforces our right of recovery
          under this provision.

          Neither we nor the insured is required to pay a claim or
          charges:
          (1) for any service or treatment that was not lawful at the
               time rendered; or
          (2) to any person who knowingly submits a false or
               misleading statement relating to the claim or charges.

          If we have reasonable belief that a fraudulent insurance act
          (s. 626.989, Florida Statutes, or s. 817.234, Florida Statutes)
          has been committed, we shall notify the claimant, in writing,
          within 30 days after submission of the claim that the claim is
          being investigated for suspected fraud. Beginning at the end
          of the initial 30-day period, we have an additional 60 days to
          conduct a fraud investigation. Notwithstanding the demand
          letter conditions under the Legal Action Against Us
          provision of this policy, no later than 90 days after the
          submission of the claim, we must deny the claim or pay the
          claim with simple interest as provided in d. (2) under the
          Legal Action Against Us provision of this policy. Interest
          shall be assessed from the day the claim was submitted until
          the day the claim is paid. All claims denied for suspected
          fraudulent insurance acts shall be reported to the Division of
          Insurance Fraud.

15. Our Right to Recover Our Payments
    Death, Dismemberment and Loss of Sight Coverage payments
    are not recoverable by us. Under all other coverages, the
    following apply:
    a. Subrogation
          If we are obligated under this policy to make payment to or
          for a person or organization who has a legal right to collect
          from another person or organization, that is not an insured,
          then we will be subrogated to that right to the extent of our
          payment.
          The person or organization to or for whom we make payment
          must help us recover our payments by:
          (1) doing nothing to impair that legal right;
          (2) executing any documents we may need to assert that
                legal right; and
          (3) taking legal action through our representatives when
                we ask.
    b. Reimbursement
          (1) If we make payment under this policy and the person
                or organization to or for whom we make payment
                recovers or has recovered from another person or
                organization, then the person or organization to or for
                whom we make payment must:

               (a) hold in trust for us the proceeds of any recovery;
                   and
               (b) reimburse us to the extent of our payment.

          (2) We have a right of reimbursement against the owner or
              the insurer of the owner of a commercial motor vehicle
              for our payments of No-Fault benefits to any person
              having been an occupant of the commercial motor
              vehicle or having been struck by the commercial motor
              vehicle as a pedestrian.
              Our right of reimbursement for benefits under No-Fault
              Coverage does not apply to an owner or registrant of a
              taxicab as identified in s.627.733(1)(b), Florida
              Statutes.

16. Mediation
    The insured or we may demand mediation of any claim:
    a. in an amount of $10,000 or less, resulting from:
          (1) bodily injury under No-Fault Coverage, Medical
               Payments Coverage, or Uninsured Motor Vehicle
               Coverages; or
          (2) death of or loss to an insured under Death,
               Dismemberment and Loss of Sight Coverage; or
    b. in any amount, for a loss covered under Physical Damage
          Coverages.
    The costs of mediation must be reasonable, and we will bear all
    costs of conducting mediation conferences, except as provided in
    section 627.745, and as amended.
    If the policyholder fails to appear at the conference, the
    conference must be rescheduled upon the policyholder’s payment
    of the costs of a rescheduled conference.
    If we fail to appear at the conference, then we must pay the
    policyholder’s actual expenses incurred in attending the
    conference if our failure to attend was not due to a good cause
    acceptable to the department. We are deemed to have failed to
    appear if our representative lacks authority to settle the full value
    of the claim. We shall incur an additional fee, paid to the mediator,
    for rescheduled conference necessitated by our failure to appear
    at a scheduled conference.

     Only one mediation may be requested for each claim, unless all
     parties agree to further mediation.
     The Department shall approve mediators, and may adopt rules,
     to conduct mediation pursuant to legislative section 627.745, and
     as amended.
     The Department shall adopt by rule a motor vehicle claims
     insurance mediation program to be administered by the
     Department or its designee. The Department may also adopt
     special rules that are applicable in cases of an emergency within
     the state. The rules shall be modeled after practices and
     procedures set forth in mediation rules of procedure adopted by
     the Supreme Court.
     The Department may designate an entity or person to serve as
     an administrator to carry out any of the provisions of mediation
     and may take this action by means of a written contract or
     agreement.
     Disclosures and information divulged in the mediation process are
     not admissible in any subsequent action or proceeding relating to
     the claim or to the cause of action giving rise to the claim. A
     person demanding mediation under section 627.745, and as

    amended, may not demand or request mediation after a suit is
    filed relating to the same facts already mediated.
17. Arbitration
    a. The insured or we may request, in writing, arbitration of any
          claim. If you and we agree to arbitrate, then arbitration will
          follow the procedure outlined below.
          (1) The arbitration will take place in the county in which the
                insured resides unless the parties agree to another
                location.
          (2) The insured and we will each select a competent
                arbitrator. These two arbitrators will select a third
                competent arbitrator. If they are unable to agree on the
                third arbitrator within 30 days, then either the insured
                or we may petition a court that has jurisdiction to select
                the third arbitrator.
          (3) Each party will pay the cost of its own arbitrator,
                attorneys, and expert witnesses, as well as any other
                expenses incurred by that party. Both parties will share
                equally the cost of the third arbitrator.
          (4) The arbitrators shall only decide the answers to the
                following two questions:
                (a) are damages compensatory; and
                (b) if damages are compensatory, then what is the
                      amount of compensatory damages.
          (5) Arbitrators shall have no authority to decide any other
                questions of fact, decide any questions of law, or
                conduct arbitration on a class-wide or class-
                representative basis.
          (6) A written decision that is both agreed upon by and signed by
                any two arbitrators, and that also contains an explanation of
                how they arrived at their decision, will be binding on:
                (a) us;
                (b) the insured;
                (c) any assignee of the insured; and
                (d) any person or organization with whom the
                      insured expressly or impliedly contracts.

        (7) Subject to (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), and (6) above, state court
             rules governing procedure and admission of evidence
             will be used.
        (8) We do not waive any of our rights by submitting to
             arbitration.
    b. We are not bound by any:
        (1) judgment obtained without our written consent; or
        (2) default judgment against any person or organization
             other than us.
    c. Regardless of the amount of any award, including any
        judgment or default judgment, we are not obligated to pay
        any amount in excess of the available limits under this
        coverage of this policy.
18. Legal Action Against Us
    a. Legal action may only be brought against us within five years
        immediately following the date of the accident or loss.
        However, this limitation of action is tolled for a period of 60
        days after we receive notice from the Florida Department of

          Financial Services, in accordance with section 624.155,
          Florida Statutes.
     b.   Legal action may not be brought against us until there has
          been full compliance with all the provisions of this policy.

     c.   Under No-Fault Coverage, we shall create and maintain for
          each insured a log of No-Fault Coverage benefits we have
          paid on behalf of the insured. If litigation is commenced, we
          shall provide to the insured a copy of the log within 30 days
          after receiving a request for the log from the insured.

     d.   In addition, legal action may only be brought against us
          regarding:
          (1) Liability Coverage and Property Damage Liability
               Coverage, after the amount of damages an insured is
               legally liable to pay has been finally determined by:

              (a) judgment after an actual trial, and any appeals of
                    that judgment if any appeals are taken; or
              (b) agreement between the claimant and us.
          (2) No-Fault Coverage, if within 30 days after our receipt of
              written notice of an intent to initiate litigation for:

               (a) an overdue claim, we fail to pay the overdue claim,
                   applicable interest, and a penalty of 10% of the
                   overdue amount that we pay, subject to a
                   maximum penalty of $250; or
               (b) our withdrawal of payment for future treatment not
                   yet rendered, we fail to mail to the person filing the
                   notice a written statement of our agreement to pay
                   for such treatment in accordance with the notice
                   and to pay a penalty of 10%, subject to a maximum
                   penalty of $250, when we pay for such future
                   treatment.

               Payment or our written statement of agreement to pay
               for future treatment not yet rendered shall be treated as
               being made on the date a draft, other valid instrument
               that is equivalent to payment, or our written statement
               of agreement to pay, is placed in the United States mail
               in a properly addressed, postpaid envelope, or if not so
               posted, on the date of delivery.

               Such notice of intent to initiate litigation may not be sent
               until the claim is overdue, including any additional time
               we have to pay the claim pursuant to the No-Fault Act.

               The notice must state that it is a “demand letter under
               s.627.736” and specify:
               i. the name of the insured for whom benefits are
                    being sought, including a copy of the assignment
                    giving rights to the claimant if the claimant is not
                    the insured;

               ii.   the claim number or policy number upon which the
                     claim was originally submitted to us; and

              iii.   to the extent applicable, the name of the medical
                     provider who rendered the treatment, services,
                     accommodations or supplies that form the basis of
                     the claim, and an itemized statement specifying each
                     exact amount, the date of treatment, service, or
                     accommodation, and the type of benefit claimed to be
                     due. A properly completed Centers for Medicare and
                     Medicaid Services (CMS) 1500 form, any other
                     standard form approved by the Florida Office of
                     Insurance Regulation, or the lost wage statement
                     previously submitted, may be used as the itemized
                     statement. To the extent that the demand involves
                     our withdrawal of payment for future treatment not yet
                     rendered, the claimant shall attach a copy of our
                     notice withdrawing such payment and an itemized
                     statement of the type, frequency, and duration of
                     future treatment claimed to be reasonable and
                     medically necessary.

              The notice must be delivered to us by United States
              certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, at
              the address we have filed with, and that is made
              available by, the office of the Florida Chief Financial
              Officer on its Internet Website. Such postal costs shall
              be reimbursed by us, if requested by the claimant in the
              notice, when we pay the claim.

         (3) Medical Payments Coverage unless we receive written
             notice of an intent to initiate litigation and if within 30
             days after our receipt of such for:
             (a) a claim, we fail to pay the claim; or
             (b) our withdrawal of payment for future treatment not
                  yet rendered, we fail to mail to the person filing the
                  notice a written statement of our agreement to pay
                  for such treatment in accordance with the notice.

              Payment or our written statement of agreement to pay
              for future treatment not yet rendered shall be treated as
              being made on the date a draft, other valid instrument
              that is equivalent to payment, or our written statement
              of agreement to pay, is placed in the United States mail
              in a properly addressed, postpaid envelope, or if not so
              posted, on the date of delivery.

              The notice must state that it is a “demand letter for
              Medical Payments Coverage” and specify:
              i. the name of the insured for whom benefits are
                  being sought, including a copy of the assignment
                  giving rights to the claimant if the claimant is not
                  the insured;

              ii.    the claim number or policy number upon which the
                     claim was originally submitted to us; and

               iii.   to the extent applicable, the name of the medical
                      provider who rendered the treatment, services,
                      accommodations or supplies that form the basis of
                      the claim, and an itemized statement specifying each
                      exact amount, the date of treatment, service, or
                      accommodation, and the type of benefit claimed to be
                      due. A properly completed Centers for Medicare and
                      Medicaid Services (CMS) 1500 form, or any other
                      standard form approved by the Florida Office of
                      Insurance Regulation, may be used as the itemized
                      statement. To the extent that the demand involves
                      our withdrawal of payment for future treatment not yet
                      rendered, the claimant shall attach a copy of our
                      notice withdrawing such payment and an itemized
                      statement of the type, frequency, and duration of
                      future treatment claimed to be reasonable and
                      medically necessary.

               The notice must be delivered to us by United States
               certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, at
               the address we have filed with, and that is made
               available by, the office of the Florida Chief Financial
               Officer on its Internet Website. Such postal costs shall
               be reimbursed by us, if requested by the claimant in the
               notice, when we pay the claim.

          (4) Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage – Stacking or
              Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage – Non-Stacking if
              the insured or that insured’s legal representative
              within five years immediately following the date of the
              accident:
              (a) presents an Uninsured Motor Vehicle Coverage
                    claim to us;
              (b) files a lawsuit, in a state or federal court that has
                    jurisdiction against us;
              (c) consents to a jury trial if requested by us; and
              (d) agrees that we may contest the issues of liability
                    and the amount of damages.
              We are not bound by any judgment obtained without
              our written consent.
              We are not bound by default judgment against any
              person or organization other than us.
              Regardless of the amount of any award, including any
              judgment or default judgment, we are not obligated to
              pay any amount in excess of the available limits under
              this coverage of this policy.

19. Choice of Law
    Without regard to choice of law rules, the law of the state of:

     a.   Florida will control, except as provided in b. below, in the
          event of any disagreement as to the interpretation and
          application of any provision in this policy; and
     b.   Illinois will control in the event of any disagreement as to the
          interpretation and application of this policy’s:

          (1) Mutual Conditions provision found on the most recently
              issued Declarations, if this policy was issued by the
              State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company; or

          (2) Participating Policy provision found on the most
              recently issued Declarations, if this policy was issued
              by any subsidiary or affiliate of the State Farm Mutual
              Automobile Insurance Company.

20. Severability
    If any provision of this policy is held invalid or unenforceable by a
    court that has jurisdiction, then:
    a. such provision will remain in full force to the extent not held
          invalid or unenforceable; and
    b. all other provisions of this policy will remain valid and
          enforceable.

21. Our Rights Regarding Claim Information
    a. We will collect, receive, obtain, use, and retain all the items
        described in item b.(1) below and use and retain the
        information described in item b.(3)(b) below, in accordance
        with applicable federal and state laws and regulations and
        consistent with the performance of our business functions.

     b.   Subject to a. above, we will not be restricted in or prohibited
          from:
          (1) collecting, receiving, or obtaining records, receipts,
               invoices, medical bills, medical records, wage information,
               salary information, employment information, relevant data,
               and any other reasonable information to process the
               claim;
          (2) using any of the items described in item b.(1) above; or

          (3) retaining:
              (a) any of the items in item b.(1) above; or

               (b) any other information we have in our possession
                    as a result of our processing, handling, or
                    otherwise resolving claims submitted under this
                    policy.
     c.   We may disclose any of the items in item b.(1) above and
          any of the information described in item b.(3)(b) above:

          (1) to enable performance of our business functions;
          (2) to meet our reporting obligations to insurance
              regulators;
          (3) to meet our reporting obligations to insurance data
              consolidators;
          (4) to meet other obligations required by law; and
          (5) as otherwise permitted by law.

     d.   Our rights under a., b., and c. above shall not be impaired by
          any:
          (1) authorization related to any claim submitted under this
               policy; or
          (2) act or omission of an insured or a legal representative
               acting on an insured’s behalf.
