State Farm Classic+ endorsement SC 002N FL 06 26: Part C – Florida Uninsured Motorist Coverage (Non-Stacked)
Form: SC 002N FL
Insurers: State Farm Classic Insurance Company (collector vehicles, administered by Hagerty)
Product: classic_plus
Source: Florida OIR IRFS filing 25-056482 (approved 01/15/2026), document 554634
Extraction: pdftotext; OIR approval stamp and page numbers removed
Retrieved: 2026-09-26

SC 002N FL 06 26
PLEASE READ THIS ENDORSEMENT CAREFULLY AS IT CHANGES
YOUR
POLICY
PART C – FLORIDA
UNINSURED MOTORIST COVERAGE (NON-STACKED)
INSURING AGREEMENT
A. We will pay compensatory damages which an “insured” is legally entitled to recover from the owner or operator
of an “uninsured motor vehicle” because of “bodily injury”:
1. Sustained by an “insured”; and
2. Caused by an accident.
The owner’s or operator’s liability for these damages must arise out of the ownership, maintenance, or use of
the “uninsured motor vehicle”.
Any judgment for damages arising out of a suit brought without our written consent is not binding on us.
B. “Insured” as used in this endorsement means:
1. You or a “family member”.
2. Any other person “occupying” “your covered auto”.
3. Any person for damages that person is entitled to recover because of “bodily injury” to which this coverage
applies sustained by a person described in 1. or 2. above.
C. “Uninsured motor vehicle” means a land motor vehicle or trailer of any type:
1. To which no bodily injury liability bond or policy applies at the time of the accident.
2. To which a bodily injury liability bond or policy applies at the time of the accident but the amount paid for
“bodily injury” under that bond or policy to an “insured” is not enough to pay the full amount the “insured”
is legally entitled to recover for damages.
3. Which is a hit-and-run vehicle whose operator or owner cannot be identified and which hits or which
causes an accident resulting in “bodily injury” without hitting:
a. You or a “family member”;
b. A vehicle which you or a “family member” are “occupying”; or
c.
“Your covered auto”.
If there is no physical contact with the hit-and-run vehicle, the facts of the accident must be proved. We
will only accept competent evidence other than the testimony of a person making claims under this or any
similar coverage.
4. To which a bodily injury liability bond or policy applies at the time of the accident but the bonding or
insuring company:
a. Denies coverage; or
b. Is or becomes insolvent within 4 years of the date of the accident.
However, “uninsured motor vehicle” does not include any vehicle or equipment:
1. Owned by, furnished, or available for the regular use of you or a “family member” unless it is “your covered
auto” to which PART A of the policy applies and liability coverage is excluded for any person other than
you or a “family member” for damages sustained in the accident by you or a “family member”.
2. Operated on rails or crawler treads.
3. Designed mainly for use off public roads while not on public roads.
4. While located for use as a residence or premises.
EXCLUSIONS
A. We do not provide Uninsured Motorist Coverage (Non-Stacked) for “bodily injury” sustained:
SC 002N FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Offices, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 002N FL 06 26
1. By an “insured” while “occupying” any motor vehicle owned by that “insured”
is not insured for this
which
coverage under this policy. This includes a trailer of any type used with that
vehicle.
2. By a “family member” while “occupying” any motor vehicle you own FL
which
is insured for this
coverage
GULATIOon
a primary basis under any other policy.
3. By an “insured” or any person who is participating in any prearranged, organized, or spontaneous race or
who is participating in:
a. Preparation for a race of this type, but only while in any pit area, on the track or racecourse, or its
entrance or exit lanes; or
b. Practicing or qualifying for a race of this type.
A race includes any contest for speed or endurance, whether against another competitor or against a time
measuring device.
4. By an “insured” or any person using “your covered auto” at a:
a. Racing facility; or
b. Facility or roadway temporarily designated for speed, time, racing, or performance driving events.
This includes, but is not limited to, the use of “your covered auto” at a performance or racing driving
school, a rally in excess of the legal speed limit, or a closed road rally.
However, Exclusions 3.a. and 4. do not apply while “your covered auto” is:
a. In a race facility’s “paddock” area or a specified show display area;
b. Being trailered from one location to another;
c.
Used by you to attend a racing event as a spectator;
d. Being operated for purposes of display in any pre- or post-race parade laps; or
e. Participating in an organized event on public roads while operated within legal speed.
5. By an “insured” or any person using “your covered auto” to prepare, practice, qualify for, or participate in,
any of the following activities, regardless of where they take place:
a. Forced hydraulic bouncing competitions or exhibitions;
b. Pulling against another vehicle, or pulling of a weighted object during competitions or exhibitions, but
not including trailer pulling;
c.
Stereo thumping competitions or exhibitions; or
d. Any other similar competitive or exhibition activity that a reasonable person could foresee may cause
injury or damage.
However, Exclusion 5. does not apply while “your covered auto” is:
a. In a facility or a specified show display area and is not participating in any competitive or exhibition
activity described in this exclusion;
b. Being trailered from one location to another; or
c.
Used by you to attend an event as a spectator.
B. We do not provide Uninsured Motorist Coverage (Non-Stacked) for “bodily injury” sustained by any
“insured”:
1. If that “insured” or the legal representative settles the “bodily injury” claim and such settlement prejudices
our right to recover payment. However, this exclusion does not apply to a settlement made with the insurer
of a vehicle described in paragraph 2. of the definition of “uninsured motor vehicle”.
2. While “occupying” “your covered auto” when it is being used to carry persons or property for a fee. This
exclusion does not apply to shared expense carpools.
3. Using a vehicle without a reasonable belief that that “insured” is entitled to do so. This exclusion does not
apply to a “family member” using “your covered auto” which is owned by you.
SC 002N FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Offices, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 002N FL 06 26
4. With respect to damages for pain, suffering, mental anguish, or inconvenience
the “bodily injury”
unless
consists in whole or in part of:
a. Significant and permanent loss of an important bodily function;
b. Permanent injury within a reasonable degree of medical probability, other than scarring or
disfigurement;
c.
Significant and permanent scarring or disfigurement; or
d. Death.
C. This coverage shall not apply directly or indirectly to benefit any insurer or self-insurer under any of the
following or similar law:
1. Workers’ compensation law; or
2. Disability benefits law.
D. We do not provide Uninsured Motorist Coverage (Non-Stacked) for punitive or exemplary damages.
LIMIT OF LIABILITY
A. When the “insured” is “occupying” “your covered auto” at the time of the accident:
1. The limit of liability for Uninsured Motorist Coverage (Non-Stacked) shown in the Declarations or
Schedule for each person applicable to that “your covered auto” is our maximum limit of liability for all
damages, including damages for care, loss of services, or death, arising out of “bodily injury” sustained
by any one person in that accident; and
2. Subject to this limit for each person, the limit of liability for Uninsured Motorist Coverage (Non-Stacked)
shown in the Declarations or Schedule for each accident applicable to that “your covered auto” is our
maximum limit of liability for all damages for “bodily injury” resulting from that accident.
B. When the “insured” is not “occupying” “your covered auto” at the time of the accident:
1. The highest limit of liability for Uninsured Motorist Coverage (Non-Stacked) shown in the Declarations
or Schedule for each person applicable to any of “your covered autos” is our maximum limit of liability for
all damages, including damages for care, loss of services, or death, arising out of “bodily injury” sustained
by any one person in that accident; and
2. Subject to this limit for each person, the highest limit of liability for Uninsured Motorist Coverage (NonStacked) shown in the Declarations or Schedule for each accident applicable to any of “your covered
autos” is our maximum limit of liability for all damages for “bodily injury” resulting from that accident.
C. This is the most we will pay regardless of the number of:
1. “Insureds”;
2. Claims made;
3. Vehicles or premiums shown in the Declarations or Schedule; or
4. Vehicles involved in the accident.
D. No one will be entitled to receive duplicate payments for the same elements of loss under this coverage and:
1. PART A of this policy;
2. No-fault coverage; or
3. Automobile medical payments coverage.
E. We will not make a duplicate payment under this coverage for any element of loss for which payment has
been made by or on behalf of persons or organizations who may be legally responsible.
F. We will not pay for any element of loss if a person is entitled to receive payment for the same element of loss
under any of the following or similar law:
1. Workers’ compensation law; or
2. Disability benefits law.
SC 002N FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Offices, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 002N FL 06 26
G. With respect to coverage under paragraph 2. of the definition of “uninsured Da
motor
we will reduce the
te Revehicle”,
“insured’s” total damages by any amount available to that “insured”, under any12bodily
injury
bonds or
01liability
policies applicable to the “uninsured motor vehicle”, that such “insured”
did
not
recover
as
result
of a
settlement between that “insured” and the insurer of an “uninsured motor vehicle”. However, anyRE
reduction
of
the “insured’s” total damages will not reduce the limit of liability for this coverage. This paragraph shall not
apply if we advance payment to the “insured” in an amount equal to the tentative settlement with the insurer
of the “uninsured motor vehicle”.
OTHER INSURANCE
If there is other applicable insurance available under one or more policies or provisions of coverage that is similar
to the insurance provided under this PART C:
A. Any recovery for damages sustained by you or a “family member”:
1. While occupying a vehicle owned by you or a “family member” may equal, but not exceed, the limit of
liability for Uninsured Motorist Coverage (Non-Stacked) applicable to that vehicle;
2. While occupying a vehicle not owned by you or a “family member” may equal, but not exceed, the sum
of:
a. The limit of liability for Uninsured Motorist Coverage (Non-Stacked) applicable to the vehicle you
or a “family member” were occupying at the time of the accident; and
b. The highest limit of liability for Uninsured Motorist Coverage (Non-Stacked) applicable to any one
vehicle under any one policy affording coverage to you or a “family member”;
3. While not occupying any vehicle may equal, but not exceed, the highest limit of liability for Uninsured
Motorist Coverage (Non-Stacked) applicable to any one vehicle under any one policy affording
coverage to you or a “family member”.
B. Any insurance we provide with respect to a vehicle you do not own, including any vehicle while used as a
temporary substitute for “your covered auto”, will be excess over any other collectible insurance providing
such coverage on a primary basis.
C. We will pay only our share of the loss. Our share is the proportion that our limit of liability bears to the total of
all applicable limits.
ARBITRATION
A. If we and an “insured” do not agree:
1. Whether that “insured” is legally entitled to recover damages; or
2. As to the amount of damages which are recoverable by that “insured”;
from the owner or operator of an “uninsured motor vehicle”, then the matter may be:
1. Mediated, in accordance with the Mediation provision contained in PART F , if the damages resulting from
“bodily injury” are for $10,000 or less; or
2. Arbitrated. However, disputes concerning coverage under this PART C may not be arbitrated.
If either party demands mediation, the mediation must be completed before arbitration can occur.
B. Both parties must agree to arbitration. If so agreed, each party will select an arbitrator. The two arbitrators will
select a third. If they cannot agree within 30 days, either may request that selection be made by a judge of a
court having jurisdiction.
C. Each party will:
1. Pay the expenses it incurs; and
2. Bear the expenses of the third arbitrator equally.
D. Unless both parties agree otherwise, arbitration will take place in the county in which the “insured” lives. Local
rules of law as to procedure and evidence will apply. A decision agreed to by at least two of the arbitrators will
be binding as to:
1. Whether the “insured” is legally entitled to recover damages; and
SC 002N FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Offices, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 002N FL 06 26
2. The amount of damages.
FLORIDA ARBITRATION CODE
If we and an “insured” agree to arbitration, the Florida Arbitration Code will not apply.
ADDITIONAL DUTY
A person seeking Uninsured Motorist Coverage (Non-Stacked) under paragraph 2. of the definition of
“uninsured motor vehicle” must also promptly:
A. Send us copies of the legal papers if a suit is brought; and
B. Notify us in writing by certified or registered mail of a tentative settlement between the “insured” and the insurer
of the “uninsured motor vehicle” and allow us 30 days to advance payment to that “insured” in an amount
equal to the tentative settlement to preserve our rights against the insurer, owner, or operator of such
“uninsured motor vehicle”.
PART F – GENERAL PROVISIONS
The Excess Coverage provision does not apply to PART C.
The following is added to the Our Right To Recover Payment provision with respect to coverage under this
PART C:
Our rights do not apply under paragraph A. with respect to coverage under paragraph 2. of the definition of
“uninsured motor vehicle” if we:
1. Have been given prompt written notice of a tentative settlement between an “insured” and the insurer of
an “uninsured motor vehicle”; and
2. Fail to advance payment to the “insured” in an amount equal to the tentative settlement within 30 days
after receipt of notification.
If we advance payment to the “insured” in an amount equal to the tentative settlement within 30 days after
receipt of notification:
1. That payment will be separate from any amount the “insured” is entitled to recover under the provisions
of Uninsured Motorist Coverage (Non-Stacked); and
2. We also have a right to recover the advanced payment.
All other policy provisions apply.
SC 002N FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Offices, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
