State Farm Classic+ endorsement SC 108 FL 06 26: Custom Features Endorsement – Florida
Form: SC 108 FL
Insurers: State Farm Classic Insurance Company (collector vehicles, administered by Hagerty)
Product: classic_plus
Source: Florida OIR IRFS filing 25-056482 (approved 01/15/2026), document 554606
Extraction: pdftotext; OIR approval stamp and page numbers removed
Retrieved: 2026-09-26

SC 108 FL 06 26
PLEASE READ THIS ENDORSEMENT CAREFULLY AS IT CHANGES
YOUR
POLICY
CUSTOM FEATURES ENDORSEMENT – FLORIDA
PART D – COVERAGE FOR DAMAGE TO YOUR COVERED AUTO
In return for the premium shown in the Declarations, the Limit of Liability provision is replaced by the following
for “your covered auto” listed in the Declarations or Schedule with the Custom Features Endorsement:
LIMIT OF LIABILITY
A. In the event of a total loss or “constructive total loss”, we pay the “Guaranteed Value®” shown in the
Declarations or Schedule for the applicable scheduled vehicle.
B. We pay up to $10,000 for loss or damage to the custom features of “your covered auto”, including but not
limited to:
1. Exterior paint or decals;
2. Glass etching;
3. Metal engraving; or
4. Any other exterior feature forming part of “your covered auto”;
unless a limit for Custom Features is shown in the Declarations or Schedule, then the limit in the
Declarations or Schedule is the only limit that applies to Custom Features. The limit for Custom Features
is a part of, and not in addition to, the “Guaranteed Value®” shown in the Declarations or Schedule for
“your covered auto”.
C. For all other losses or damage to “your covered auto” which are not total losses or “constructive total
losses” including loss to Custom Features described in the Declarations or Schedule, we will pay the
amount necessary to repair or replace the property, whichever is less, with similar kind and quality, without
regard to depreciation or betterment. However, we will not pay more than the “Guaranteed Value®” for the
applicable vehicle shown in the Declarations or Schedule.
All other policy provisions apply.
SC 108 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
