State Farm Classic+ endorsement SC 110 07 21: Foreign Coverage Endorsement
Form: SC 110
Insurers: State Farm Classic Insurance Company (collector vehicles, administered by Hagerty)
Product: classic_plus
Source: Florida OIR IRFS filing 25-056482 (approved 01/15/2026), document 554607
Extraction: pdftotext; OIR approval stamp and page numbers removed
Retrieved: 2026-09-26

SC 110 07 21
PLEASE READ THIS ENDORSEMENT CAREFULLY AS IT CHANGES
YOUR
POLICY
FOREIGN COVERAGE ENDORSEMENT
COVERAGE EXTENSION – PART D
When this endorsement is attached to your policy, and in return for the premium shown in the Declarations or
Schedule, coverage under PART D – COVERAGE FOR DAMAGE TO YOUR COVERED AUTO is extended to
“your covered auto” for the time period shown in the Declarations or Schedule by adding the following provisions:
Coverage for Autos in Foreign Countries
We will pay for direct and accidental loss or damage to “your covered auto” described in the Declarations or
Schedule, subject to the “Guaranteed Value®” shown in the Declarations or Schedule for the applicable scheduled
vehicle, while in a foreign country, or while on a waterway while being transported between ports. We only cover
“your covered auto” in a foreign country, less the applicable deductible outlined below:
A. While in the foreign country or countries indicated in the Declarations or Schedule;
B. While being transported by waterway between ports on the way to or from the foreign country or countries
indicated in the Declarations or Schedule; and
C. During the dates indicated in the Declarations or Schedule.
However, this coverage is suspended during transport by waterway while within the territorial waters of those
countries in which The Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the US Department of the Treasury has
administered and enforces economic and trade sanctions.
Foreign Coverage Deductible
A 1% deductible, subject to a minimum deductible of $1,000, will apply for loss or damage to “your covered
auto” while in a foreign country. The deductible amount is determined by multiplying 1% by the “ Guaranteed
Value®” shown in the Declarations or Schedule for the applicable scheduled vehicle.
When a separate premium is shown in the Declarations or Schedule, a minimum earned premium of $250 applies
to this coverage.
All other policy provisions apply.
SC 110 07 21
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
