State Farm Classic+ endorsement SC 125 FL 06 26: Motorsports Advantage + Autocross Endorsement – Florida
Form: SC 125 FL
Insurers: State Farm Classic Insurance Company (collector vehicles, administered by Hagerty)
Product: classic_plus
Source: Florida OIR IRFS filing 25-056482 (approved 01/15/2026), document 554617
Extraction: pdftotext; OIR approval stamp and page numbers removed
Retrieved: 2026-09-26

SC 125 FL 06 26
PLEASE READ THIS ENDORSEMENT CAREFULLY AS IT CHANGES
YOUR
POLICY
MOTORSPORTS ADVANTAGE™ + AUTOCROSS ENDORSEMENT
– FLORIDA
For an additional premium, this coverage applies only to “your covered auto” designated in the Declarations or
Schedule with Motorsports Advantage™.
DEFINITIONS
The following words and phrases are defined only with respect to the coverage provided by this endorsement:
A. “Autocross event” means a timed competition in which “your covered auto” navigates a closed, paved course.
If multiple vehicles are permitted on the course simultaneously, they must be released by a race official
sequentially, physically distanced, and passing must be prohibited. Such events must be organized and
administered by a recognized governing body, such as the Sports Car Club of America; or a national car club,
such as the Porsche Club of America; or any organization that has established protocols for running such
events; and be located on a closed course or racetrack. The directional flow and design of such courses must
utilize elements less likely to cause damage, such as traffic cones, and must not incorporate any potentially
damaging elements such as cement barriers, rails, or tire walls.
B. “Automotive tools” includes tools and portable equipment used in the maintenance of collector vehicles. This
also includes:
1. Portable carts or cases used to store covered tools; and
2. Accessories for covered tools, whether attached or not.
C. “Personal effects” includes items usually carried by tourists and travelers which you own and use or wear,
while temporarily located in the vehicle, except “personal effects” does not include:
1. “Equipment”, “spare parts”, or “automotive tools”;
2. Accounts, bills, checks, credit or debit cards, currency, deeds, documents, evidences of debt, gift cards
or certificates, letters of credit, money, notes, or securities;
3. Portable digital or electronic devices, cell phones, or laser or radar detection devices, including their
accessories; or
4. Tapes, disks, or other media used with equipment described immediately above.
D. “Pit vehicle” means an unregistered vehicle of scooter, golf cart, or utility task vehicle design with an engine
not exceeding 15 horsepower in output, and which is used as transportation during your attendance at a
motorsports related event.
E. “Safety equipment” includes portable equipment used or worn by you or any person in “your covered auto”
during the operation of collector vehicles. This includes:
1. Helmets;
2. Gloves;
3. Goggles;
4. Footwear;
5. Portable fire extinguishers; or
6. Flame-retardant racing suits.
The following coverage is added by this endorsement:
ACCIDENTAL DEATH BENEFIT
INSURING AGREEMENT
We will pay the Accidental Death Benefit in the event of your death or the death of a “family member” when:
A. “Bodily injury” is a direct result of an auto accident involving “your covered auto” which is listed in the
Declarations or Schedule with Bodily Injury Liability or Combined Single Limits; and
B. Death occurs within 90 days after the date of the auto accident.
SC 125 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 125 FL 06 26
For purposes of Accidental Death Benefit coverage:
12with
A. “Your covered auto” does not include a vehicle you do not own, or a vehicle
fewer
than
four26wheels;
and
B. A limited benefit shall be extended for the death of a pet owned by you or any “family member” “occupying”
“your covered auto” at the time of the auto accident if the death is a direct result of the accident.
EXCLUSIONS
We do not provide any Accidental Death Benefit for “bodily injury”:
A. Caused by or resulting from an intentional act committed by or at the direction of any Named Insured or
“family member”. An intentional act includes any voluntary act that a reasonable person could foresee
may cause injury or damage;
B. When the auto accident occurs while you or a “family member” is operating or is a passenger on a
motorcycle;
C. When the auto accident occurs while you or a “family member” is engaged in illegal activities. This
exclusion does not apply to noncriminal traffic violations as defined by Florida law, or acts based solely
on an arrest or citation;
D. Sustained while “occupying” “your covered auto” when it is being used to carry persons or property for a
fee. This exclusion does not apply to shared expense carpools;
E. Sustained while “occupying” “your covered auto” located for use as a residence or premises;
F. Occurring during the course of employment if workers’ compensation benefits apply for the “bodily injury”;
G. Sustained while “occupying” “your covered auto” when it is being used in any “business”;
H. Caused by or as a consequence of:
1. Discharge of a nuclear weapon (even if accidental);
2. War (declared or undeclared);
3. Civil war;
4. Insurrection; or
5. Rebellion or revolution;
I.
From or as a consequence of the following, whether controlled or uncontrolled or however caused:
1. Nuclear reaction;
2. Radiation; or
3. Radioactive contamination;
J.
Caused by suicide or attempted suicide, whether sane or insane;
K. While “your covered auto” is:
1. Participating in any prearranged, organized, or spontaneous race, or participating in:
a. Preparation for a race of this type, but only while in any pit area, on the track or racecourse or its
entrance or exit lanes; or
b. Practicing or qualifying for a race of this type.
A race includes any contest for speed or endurance, whether against another competitor or against
a time measuring device.
2. Used at a:
a. Racing facility; or
b. Facility or roadway temporarily designated for speed, time, racing, or performance driving events.
This includes, but is not limited to, the use of “your covered auto” at a performance or racing
driving school, a rally in excess of the legal speed limit, or a closed road rally.
SC 125 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 125 FL 06 26
However, paragraphs 1.a. and 2. of this exclusion do not apply while
“your
covered
auto” is:
1) Participating in or preparing for an “autocross event”;
2) In a race facility’s “paddock” area or a specified show display area;
3) Being trailered from one location to another;
4) Used by you to attend a racing event as a spectator;
5) Being operated for purposes of display in any pre- or post-race parade laps; or
6) Participating in an organized event on open, public roads while operated within legal speed.
3. Being used to prepare, practice, qualify for, or participate in, any of the following activities, regardless
of where they take place:
a. Forced hydraulic bouncing competitions or exhibitions;
b. Pulling against another vehicle, or pulling of a weighted object during competitions or exhibitions,
but not including trailer pulling;
c.
Stereo thumping competitions or exhibitions; or
d. Any other similar competitive or exhibition activity that a reasonable person could foresee may
cause injury or damage.
However, paragraph 3. of this exclusion does not apply while “your covered auto” is:
a. In a facility or a specified show display area and is not participating in any competitive or exhibition
activity described in this paragraph;
b. Being trailered from one location to another; or
c.
Used by you to attend an event as a spectator.
LIMIT OF LIABILITY
The limit of liability is $10,000 for all deaths resulting from any one auto accident. At your option, up to $500
of this limit may be applied to the death of pets. This is the most we will pay regardless of the number of:
A. Covered persons or pets;
B. Claims made;
C. Vehicles or premiums shown in the Declarations or Schedule;
D. Vehicles involved in the auto accident; or
E. Lawsuits brought.
This coverage will be primary and will not be reduced or be used to reduce any other coverage provided by
this policy.
PAYMENT OF BENEFIT
The Accidental Death Benefit will be paid as follows:
A. If the deceased person is survived by a spouse who was a resident of the same household at the time of
the auto accident, benefits for death are payable to such spouse.
B. If the deceased was a minor or a pet, benefits for death are payable to you.
C. If A. or B. above does not apply, benefits for death are payable to the deceased person’s estate.
PART B – MEDICAL PAYMENTS COVERAGE
MOTORSPORTS MEDICAL PAYMENTS COVERAGE
Motorsports Medical Payments Coverage, a supplemental medical payments coverage, is added under
PART B when a limit of liability is shown in the Declarations or Schedule for Medical Payments Coverage.
INSURING AGREEMENT
A. We will pay reasonable expenses incurred for necessary medical and funeral services because of “bodily
SC 125 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 125 FL 06 26
injury” to any person caused by an accident which occurs during an “autocross
event”
while using “your
covered auto”.
B. We will pay only those expenses incurred for services rendered within
3 years from
theRE
date
ofTIO
the
accident.
EXCLUSIONS
A. All exclusions in PART B apply to this coverage, except the following exclusions, which are amended only
for purposes of Motorsports Medical Payments Coverage.
We do not provide Motorsports Medical Payments Coverage for any “insured” for “bodily injury”:
Exclusions I. and J. are amended to read:
I.
Sustained while “occupying” “your covered auto” when it is participating in any prearranged,
organized, or spontaneous race, or participating in:
1. Preparation for a race of this type, but only while in any pit area, on the track or
racecourse, or its entrance or exit lanes; or
2. Practicing or qualifying for a race of this type.
A race includes any contest for speed or endurance, whether against another competitor or
against a time measuring device.
J.
Sustained while “occupying” “your covered auto” when it is being used at a:
1. Racing facility; or
2. Facility or roadway temporarily designated for speed, time, racing, or performance driving
events. This includes, but is not limited to, the use of “your covered auto” at a performance
or racing driving school, a rally in excess of the legal speed limit, or a closed road rally.
However, Exclusions I.1. and J. do not apply while “your covered auto” is:
1. Participating in or preparing for an “autocross event”;
2. In a race facility’s “paddock” area or a specified show display area;
3. Being trailered from one location to another;
4. Used by you to attend a racing event as a spectator;
5. Being operated for purposes of display in any pre- or post-race parade laps; or
6. Participating in an organized event on public roads while operated within legal speed.
B. This coverage shall not apply, directly or indirectly, to benefit any: workers’ compensation or disability
benefits insurer; self-insurer under any workers’ compensation or disability benefits or similar law; or
government body or agency.
LIMIT OF LIABILITY
A. The most we will pay under Motorsports Medical Payments Coverage for all losses resulting from any one
accident which occurs during an “autocross event” to which this policy applies is $5,000. This is the most
we will pay regardless of the number of:
1. “Insureds”;
2. Claims made;
3. Vehicles or premiums shown in the Declarations or Schedule; or
4. Vehicles involved in the accident.
B. No one will be entitled to receive duplicate payments for the same elements of loss.
C. No coverage is provided under Motorsports Medical Payments Coverage for “bodily injury” covered under
any other coverage provided under this policy.
PART D – COVERAGE FOR DAMAGE TO YOUR COVERED AUTO
The following provisions are added or modified by this endorsement:
SC 125 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 125 FL 06 26
SPARE PARTS
The limit for “spare parts” is increased by $1,500. This limit is in addition to12any
amount(s)
shown
26 in the
Declarations or Schedule for Spare Parts.
EXCLUSIONS
Exclusions H. and I. are amended to read:
H. Loss caused by or resulting from “your covered auto” participating in any prearranged, organized, or
spontaneous race, or participating in:
1. Preparation for a race of this type, but only while in any pit area, on the track or racecourse, or its
entrance or exit lanes; or
2. Practicing or qualifying for a race of this type.
A race includes any contest for speed or endurance, whether against another competitor or
against a time measuring device.
I.
Loss caused by or resulting from “your covered auto” being used at a:
1. Racing facility; or
2. Facility or roadway temporarily designated for speed, time, racing, or performance driving events.
This includes, but is not limited to, the use of “your covered auto” at a performance or racing
driving school, a rally in excess of the legal speed limit, or a closed road rally.
However, Exclusions H.1. and I. do not apply while “your covered auto” is:
1. Participating in or preparing for an “autocross event”;
2. In a race facility’s “paddock” area or a specified show display area;
3. Being trailered from one location to another;
4. Used by you to attend a racing event as a spectator;
5. Being operated for purposes of display in any pre- or post-race parade laps; or
6. Participating in an organized event on public roads while operated within legal speed.
The following is added to the LIMIT OF LIABILITY provision:
In the event of loss or damage to “your covered auto”, including total loss or “constructive total loss”,
caused as a result of your participation in an “autocross event”, we will pay the lesser of:
A. The amount necessary to repair or replace the property, whichever is less, with similar kind and
quality, without regard to depreciation or betterment;
B. The “Guaranteed Value®” shown in the Declarations or Schedule for the applicable scheduled vehicle;
or
C. $250,000.
Such losses will be subject to a deductible, which will be determined to be the greater of:
A. The deductible shown in the Declarations or Schedule for the applicable scheduled vehicle; or
B. $250.
The following coverage applies to “your covered auto” listed in the Declarations or Schedule if the loss or damage
is caused by:
A. “Other than collision”, only if the Declarations or Schedule indicates that Other Than Collision Coverage
is provided for “your covered auto”.
B. “Collision”, only if the Declarations or Schedule indicates that Collision Coverage is provided for “your
covered auto”.
LOSS OF USE AND TRIP INTERRUPTION EXPENSES
We will pay, without application of a deductible, up to a maximum limit of $1,500 for reasonable:
SC 125 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 125 FL 06 26
A. Temporary expenses incurred by you for transportation, lodging, and Da
meals
inved
the: event of direct and
accidental loss to, or mechanical breakdown of, “your covered auto”;
B. Expenses of up to $20 per day, or the amount for which you become legally
responsible,
inRE
the
event
of
a covered loss to, or mechanical breakdown of, an auto not owned by, furnished, or available for your
regular use which is a replacement for “your covered auto”; and
C. Unrecoverable, pre-paid expenses for your attendance at collector vehicle events, such as preregistration fees.
This coverage applies only if:
A. The loss to, or mechanical breakdown of, “your covered auto” occurs more than 50 miles from its
customary garaging; and
B. “Your covered auto” is withdrawn from use for at least 24 hours.
LIMIT OF LIABILITY
A. Our payment for these expenses will be limited to that period of time reasonably required to:
1. Resume travel under a prearranged itinerary; or
2. Return home.
B. No one will be entitled to receive duplicate payments for the same elements of loss under this coverage
and PART D of the policy.
EXCLUSIONS
We will not pay for loss to, or loss of use of, a rental vehicle rented by you if a rental vehicle company is
precluded from recovering such loss or loss of use from you, pursuant to the provisions of any applicable
rental agreement or state law.
AUTOMOTIVE TOOLS COVERAGE
We will pay up to $250 for direct and accidental loss or damage to “automotive tools” for “your covered auto”,
subject to a deductible of $25. This coverage does not include tools used in any “business”, or property of
others in your care, custody, or control. This amount is in addition to any limit for Automotive Tools shown
in the Declarations or Schedule.
However, we will not pay for loss to “automotive tools” caused by theft unless the loss results from forcible
entry.
DEBRIS REMOVAL COVERAGE
We will pay up to $2,500 for the cleanup and removal of “your covered auto” for losses occurring at a racing
facility or facility or roadway temporarily designated for speed, time, racing, or performance driving events.
This coverage does not include damage to the racing facility or track, including barriers, walls, or equipment,
or for any costs incurred for the removal, remediation, or restoration of any polluted land or water.
In no event will this coverage pay for loss or damage to “your covered auto”.
PERSONAL EFFECTS COVERAGE
We will pay up to $250 for direct and accidental loss or damage to your “personal effects” while in “your
covered auto”, subject to a deductible of $25. This amount is in addition to any limit for Personal Effects
shown in the Declarations or Schedule.
However, we will not pay for loss to “personal effects” caused by theft unless the loss results from forcible
entry into “your covered auto”.
SAFETY EQUIPMENT COVERAGE
We will pay up to $500 for direct and accidental loss or damage to “safety equipment” used in conjunction
with “your covered auto”.
We will not pay for loss to “safety equipment” unless the “safety equipment” is made available for inspection
after a loss. We will not pay for loss to helmets unless they comply with Federal Motor Vehicle Safety
Standards.
SC 125 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 125 FL 06 26
Our limit of liability for “safety equipment” will be the lesser of:
A. The actual cash value of the “safety equipment”; or
B. The cost to repair or replace the damaged “safety equipment” with others of like kind and quality. LATION
TRACK DAMAGE PROTECTION COVERAGE
We will pay up to $1,000 for direct and accidental loss or damage to the grounds or equipment of a racing
facility arising out of the use of “your covered auto” during an “autocross event”. This includes damage to the
racing facility or track, including barriers, walls, or equipment, but does not include any costs incurred for the
removal, remediation, or restoration of any polluted land or water.
In no event will this coverage pay for loss or damage to “your covered auto” or any other vehicle participating
in the “autocross event”.
VEHICLE VALUABLE PAPERS COVERAGE
We will pay up to $250 for direct and accidental loss or damage to vehicle valuable papers and records while
in “your covered auto”, subject to a deductible of $25. This coverage includes the cost to research lost
information on valuable papers and records for which duplicates do not exist. This limit is in addition to any
limit for Vehicle Valuable Papers Coverage shown in the Declarations or Schedule.
However, we will not pay for loss to valuable papers and records caused by theft unless the loss results from
forcible entry into “your covered auto”. All losses caused by theft must have visible marks of forcible entry.
For purposes of this coverage, “your covered auto’s” valuable papers and records includes, but is not limited
to, printed or written materials such as an owner’s handbook, parts or service manuals, or sales literature.
PART F – GENERAL PROVISIONS
For purposes of this endorsement only, the Legal Action Against Us provision, paragraph C., is replaced by the
following:
C. Under PART D or Accidental Death Benefit coverage, suit or action must start within 5 years of the date
of the loss, but this time period will be extended by the number of days between the date you file your
proof of loss with us and the date we deny all or part of your claim.
The following coverage is added:
PIT VEHICLE COVERAGE
Coverage up to $5,000 for damage to a “pit vehicle” used in conjunction with a motorsports event. Coverage
will only be provided while the vehicle is:
A. Transported by trailer from one location to another;
B. Loaded and unloaded from the trailer;
C. On the grounds of a racing facility, show display area, or similar motorsports related event not held on
public roads; or
D. Located on a service or repair facility premises.
This coverage will be subject to a $500 deductible. Liability coverage will not be provided by the policy.
All other policy provisions apply.
SC 125 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
