State Farm Classic+ endorsement SC 117 FL 06 26: Cherished Salvage Coverage – Florida
Form: SC 117 FL
Insurers: State Farm Classic Insurance Company (collector vehicles, administered by Hagerty)
Product: classic_plus
Source: Florida OIR IRFS filing 25-056482 (approved 01/15/2026), document 554611
Extraction: pdftotext; OIR approval stamp and page numbers removed
Retrieved: 2026-09-26

SC 117 FL 06 26
PLEASE READ THIS ENDORSEMENT CAREFULLY AS IT CHANGES
YOUR
POLICY
CHERISHED SALVAGE® COVERAGE – FLORIDA
For an additional premium, this coverage applies when a scheduled vehicle is designated with Cherished
Salvage® Coverage in the Declarations or Schedule.
PART F – GENERAL PROVISIONS
The Payment of Loss provision is replaced by the following:
PAYMENT OF LOSS
Unless a claim has been paid by others, payment of loss, with all your indebtedness to us being first deducted,
will be made within 20 days after we either reach agreement with you, a final judgment is entered in the court,
or an arbitration or appraisal award is filed with us.
For a total loss or “constructive total loss”, the salvage belongs to you. However, if payment is made for a total
loss due to theft, and “your covered auto” is later recovered in a condition that would not be considered a total
loss or “constructive total loss”, the right of salvage for that vehicle belongs to us.
For all other loss or damage, we may pay for loss in money or repair or replace the damaged or stolen
property. We may, at our expense, return your stolen property to you or to the address shown in this policy. If
we return stolen property we will pay for any damage resulting from the theft. We may keep all or part of the
property at an agreed or appraised value.
If we pay a total loss or a “constructive total loss” for any of “your covered auto(s)” shown in the Declarations
or Schedule, all coverage under this policy for such covered vehicle(s) will terminate simultaneously upon
payment of the loss. The amount we will pay for a total loss or “constructive total loss” of “your covered auto(s)”
shall be reduced by any amount previously paid for repairs not completed at the time of the total loss or
“constructive total loss”.
All other policy provisions apply.
SC 117 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
