State Farm Classic+ endorsement SC 400 FL 06 26: Value-Added Endorsement – Florida
Form: SC 400 FL
Insurers: State Farm Classic Insurance Company (collector vehicles, administered by Hagerty)
Product: classic_plus
Source: Florida OIR IRFS filing 25-056482 (approved 01/15/2026), document 554622
Extraction: pdftotext; OIR approval stamp and page numbers removed
Retrieved: 2026-09-26

SC 400 FL 06 26
PLEASE READ THIS ENDORSEMENT CAREFULLY AS IT CHANGES
YOUR
POLICY
VALUE-ADDED ENDORSEMENT – FLORIDA/
The provisions of the policy are amended as follows. In return for the premium shown in the Declarations, these
changes broaden coverage provided by the policy.
Under Definitions, the following definition is added:
“Automotive tools” includes tools and portable equipment used in the maintenance of collector vehicles. This
also includes:
1. Portable carts or cases used to store covered tools; and
2. Accessories for covered tools whether attached or not.
The following coverage is added:
ACCIDENTAL DEATH BENEFIT
INSURING AGREEMENT
If a limit is shown for Accidental Death Benefit in the Declarations or Schedule, we will pay the Accidental
Death Benefit in the event of your death or the death of a “family member” when:
A. “Bodily injury” is a direct result of an auto accident involving “your covered auto” which is listed in the
Declarations or Schedule with Bodily Injury Liability or Combined Single Limits; and
B. Death occurs within 90 days after the date of the auto accident.
For purposes of Accidental Death Benefit coverage:
A. “Your covered auto” does not include a vehicle you do not own, or a vehicle with fewer than four wheels;
and
B. A limited benefit shall be extended for the death of a pet owned by you or any “family member” “occupying”
“your covered auto” at the time of the auto accident if the death is a direct result of the accident.
EXCLUSIONS
We do not provide any Accidental Death Benefit for “bodily injury”:
A. Caused by or resulting from an intentional act committed by or at the direction of any Named Insured or
“family member”. An intentional act includes any voluntary act that a reasonable person could foresee
may cause injury or damage. However, this exclusion does not apply to an innocent co-insured if the loss
occurred because of domestic violence or abuse;
B. When the auto accident occurs while you or a “family member” is operating or is a passenger on a
motorcycle;
C. When the auto accident occurs while you or a “family member” is engaged in illegal activities. This
exclusion does not apply to noncriminal traffic infractions as defined by Florida law, or acts based solely
on an arrest or citation;
D. Sustained while “occupying” “your covered auto” when it is being used to carry persons or property for a
fee. This exclusion does not apply to shared expense carpools;
E. Sustained while “occupying” “your covered auto” located for use as a residence or premises;
F. Occurring during the course of employment if workers’ compensation benefits apply for the “bodily injury”;
G. Sustained while “occupying” “your covered auto” when it is being used in any “business”;
H. Caused by or as a consequence of:
1. Discharge of a nuclear weapon (even if accidental);
2. War (declared or undeclared);
3. Civil war;
4. Insurrection; or
SC 400 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 400 FL 06 26
5. Rebellion or revolution;
I.
12/11or
From or as a consequence of the following, whether controlled or uncontrolled
however
caused:
1. Nuclear reaction;
2. Radiation; or
3. Radioactive contamination;
J.
Caused by suicide or attempted suicide, whether sane or insane;
K. While “your covered auto” is:
1. Participating in any prearranged, organized, or spontaneous race or participating in:
a. Preparation for a race of this type, but only while in any pit area, on the track or racecourse, or its
entrance or exit lanes; or
b. Practicing or qualifying for a race of this type.
A race includes any contest for speed or endurance, whether against another competitor or against
a time measuring device.
2. Used at a:
a. Racing facility; or
b. Facility or roadway temporarily designated for speed, time, racing, or performance driving events.
This includes, but is not limited to, the use of “your covered auto” at a performance or racing
driving school, a rally in excess of the legal speed limit, or a closed road rally.
However, paragraphs 1.a. and 2. of this exclusion do not apply while “your covered auto” is:
a. In a race facility’s “paddock” area or a specified show display area;
b. Being trailered from one location to another;
c.
Used by you to attend a racing event as a spectator;
d. Being operated for purposes of display in any pre- or post-race parade laps; or
e. Participating in an organized event on open, public roads while operated within legal speed.
3. Being used to prepare, practice, qualify for, or participate in, any of the following activities, regardless
of where they take place.
a. Forced hydraulic bouncing competitions or exhibitions;
b. Pulling against another vehicle, or pulling of a weighted object during competitions or exhibitions,
but not including trailer pulling;
c.
Stereo thumping competitions or exhibitions; or
d. Any other similar competitive or exhibition activity that a reasonable person could foresee may
cause injury or damage.
However, paragraph 3. of this exclusion does not apply while “your covered auto” is:
a. In a facility or a specified show display area and is not participating in any competitive or exhibition
activity described in this paragraph;
b. Being trailered from one location to another; or
c.
Used by you to attend an event as a spectator.
LIMIT OF LIABILITY
The limit of liability, if applicable, is shown in the Declarations or Schedule. This is the most we will pay for all
deaths resulting from any one auto accident. At your option, up to $500 of this limit may be applied to the
death of pets. This is the most we will pay regardless of the number of:
A. Covered persons or pets;
B. Claims made;
SC 400 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 400 FL 06 26
C. Vehicles or premiums shown in the Declarations or Schedule;
D. Vehicles involved in the auto accident; or
E. Lawsuits brought.
This coverage will be primary and will not be reduced or be used to reduce any other coverage provided by
this policy.
PAYMENT OF BENEFIT
The Accidental Death Benefit will be paid as follows:
A. If the deceased person is survived by a spouse who was a resident of the same household at the time of
the auto accident, benefits for death are payable to such spouse.
B. If the deceased was a minor or a pet, benefits for death are payable to you.
C. If A. or B. above does not apply, benefits for death are payable to the deceased person’s estate.
PART D – COVERAGE FOR DAMAGE TO YOUR COVERED AUTO
The following provisions are added:
ACCIDENTAL DEPLOYMENT OF AN AIRBAG
We will pay, without application of a deductible, up to the amount shown in the Declarations or Schedule for
Accidental Airbag Deployment for the cost to repair or replace an airbag passive restraint system that
accidentally deploys when not caused by a “collision” or “other than collision” loss.
AUTOMOTIVE TOOLS
We will pay up to the amount shown in the Declarations or Schedule for Automotive Tools for direct and
accidental loss or damage to “automotive tools” for “your covered auto”, subject to a deductible of $25. This
coverage does not include tools used in any “business”, or property of others in your care, custody, or control.
However, we will not pay for loss to “automotive tools” caused by theft unless the loss results from forcible
entry.
BRANDED MERCHANDISE
We will pay up to the amount shown in the Declarations or Schedule for Branded Merchandise. If the
“branded merchandise” is a key fob or keychain, this coverage will not pay the cost to duplicate lost or stolen
keys, nor will it pay the cost to re-key the vehicle locks.
However, we will not pay for loss to “branded merchandise” caused by theft unless the loss results from
forcible entry.
“Branded merchandise” includes items featuring the name and/or logo of a collector vehicle’s make or model.
Such items may include clothing, accessories, or other collectibles associated with “your covered auto”.
LOSS OF USE AND TRIP INTERRUPTION EXPENSES
If a limit is shown in the Declarations or Schedule for Loss of Use and Trip Interruption Expenses, we will
pay up to that limit for reasonable:
A. Temporary expenses incurred by you for transportation, lodging, and meals in the event of direct and
accidental loss to, or mechanical breakdown of, “your covered auto”;
B. Expenses of up to $20 per day, or the amount for which you become legally responsible, in the event of
a covered loss to, or mechanical breakdown of, an auto not owned by, furnished, or available for your
regular use which is a replacement for “your covered auto”; and
C. Unrecoverable, pre-paid expenses for your attendance at collector vehicle events, such as preregistration fees.
This coverage applies only if:
A. The loss to, or mechanical breakdown of, “your covered auto” occurs more than 50 miles from its
customary garaging; and
B. “Your covered auto” is withdrawn from use for at least 24 hours.
SC 400 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 400 FL 06 26
LIMIT OF LIABILITY
A. Our payment for these expenses will be limited to that period of time reasonably
required
to:
1. Resume travel under a prearranged itinerary; or
2. Return home.
B. No one will be entitled to receive duplicate payments for the same elements of loss under this coverage
and PART D of the policy.
EXCLUSIONS
We will not pay for loss to or loss of use of a rental vehicle rented by you if a rental vehicle company is
precluded from recovering such loss or loss of use from you, pursuant to the provisions of any applicable
rental agreement or state law.
PERSONAL EFFECTS
We will pay up to the amount shown in the Declarations or Schedule for Personal Effects for direct and
accidental loss or damage to your “personal effects” while in “your covered auto”, subject to a deductible of
$25.
However, we will not pay for loss to “personal effects” caused by theft unless the loss results from forcible
entry into “your covered auto”.
“Personal effects” includes items usually carried by tourists and travelers, which you own and use or wear,
while temporarily located in the vehicle, except “personal effects” does not include:
A. “Equipment”, “spare parts”, or “automotive tools”;
B. Accounts, bills, checks, credit or debit cards, currency, deeds, documents, evidences of debt, gift cards
or certificates, letters of credit, money, notes, or securities;
C. Portable digital or electronic devices, cell phones, or laser or radar detection devices, including their
accessories; or
D. Tapes, disks, or other media used with equipment described immediately above.
POST-LOSS VEHICLE TRAILERING
If a limit is shown for Post-Loss Vehicle Trailering coverage in the Declarations or Schedule, then upon
completion of repairs to “your covered auto”, necessitated by a covered loss, we will pay up to that limit for
reasonable expenses incurred to have “your covered auto” returned to you by a professional vehicle
transportation service. Evidence of incurred expenses, such as receipts, must be presented to us in order for
payment to be made.
VEHICLE LOCK COVERAGE
We will pay, without application of a deductible, up to the amount shown in the Declarations or Schedule for
Vehicle Lock Coverage for a loss to keys for “your covered auto” which includes:
A. The cost to duplicate or replace lost or stolen keys;
B. The labor costs to retrieve keys accidentally locked in the vehicle; or
C. The cost to re-key the vehicle locks when the keys are lost, stolen, or the vehicle is stolen and then
recovered.
VEHICLE VALUABLE PAPERS COVERAGE
We will pay up to the amount shown in the Declarations or Schedule for Vehicle Valuable Papers Coverage
for direct and accidental loss or damage to vehicle valuable papers and records while in “your covered auto”,
subject to a deductible of $25. This coverage includes the cost to research lost information on valuable papers
and records for which duplicates do not exist.
However, we will not pay for loss to valuable papers and records caused by theft unless the loss results from
forcible entry into “your covered auto”. All losses caused by theft must have visible marks of forcible entry.
For purposes of this coverage, “your covered auto’s” valuable papers and records include, but are not limited
to, printed or written materials such as an owner’s handbook, parts or service manuals, or sales literature.
SC 400 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 400 FL 06 26
The following provisions are modified by this endorsement:
CAR COVERS
If a Car Covers limit is shown in the Declarations or Schedule, then the Car Covers limit is increasedLA
toTIO
that
amount.
LIMITED VEHICLE FRAUD COVERAGE
If a Limited Vehicle Fraud Coverage limit is shown in the Declarations or Schedule, then the Limited
Vehicle Fraud Coverage limit is increased to that amount.
SPARE PARTS
If a Spare Parts limit is shown in the Declarations or Schedule, then the Spare Parts limit is increased to that
amount.
PART F – GENERAL PROVISIONS
For purposes of this endorsement only, the Legal Action Against Us provision, paragraph C. is replaced by the
following:
C. Under PART D or Accidental Death Benefit coverage, suit or action must start within 5 years of the date
of the loss, but this time period will be extended by the number of days between the date you file your
proof of loss with us and the date we deny all or part of your claim.
All other policy provisions apply.
SC 400 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
