State Farm Classic+ endorsement SC 501 FL 06 26: Collector Vehicle Spare Parts or Tools Coverage Endorsement – Florida
Form: SC 501 FL
Insurers: State Farm Classic Insurance Company (collector vehicles, administered by Hagerty)
Product: classic_plus
Source: Florida OIR IRFS filing 25-056482 (approved 01/15/2026), document 554625
Extraction: pdftotext; OIR approval stamp and page numbers removed
Retrieved: 2026-09-26

SC 501 FL 06 26
PLEASE READ THIS ENDORSEMENT CAREFULLY AS IT CHANGES
YOUR
POLICY
COLLECTOR VEHICLE SPARE PARTS OR TOOLS COVERAGE
ENDORSEMENT –
FLORIDA
AGREEMENT
We cover the classes and items of personal property described below in return for the premium shown in the
Declarations.
DEFINITIONS
For purposes of the coverage provided in this endorsement, the following definitions are added:
A. “Actual cash value” means the amount it would cost to repair or replace the covered property, at the time of
loss or damage, with material of like kind and quality, subject to a deduction for deterioration, depreciation,
and obsolescence.
B. “Insured” means you or any “family member” for the ownership, maintenance or use of the covered property.
C. “Market value” means the price which the property might be expected to realize if offered for sale by a willing
seller to a willing buyer in a fair market on the date of loss or damage.
PROPERTY COVERED
We cover the property insured under this endorsement when owned by, or in the custody or control of, an “insured”
while it is anywhere in the world, unless otherwise noted.
A. Scheduled Property
We cover the item(s) described in the Declarations or Schedule only if an amount of insurance and premium
is shown for that property.
B. Unscheduled Property – Blanket Insurance
We cover the property listed in the Declarations or Schedule only if a blanket amount of insurance and
premium is shown for that class of property.
The amount of insurance shown for such property is limited by the Loss Settlement provision in this endorsement.
CLASSES OF PERSONAL PROPERTY WE INSURE
A. Automotive Tools, including tools and portable equipment used in the maintenance of collector vehicles.
This also includes:
1. Portable carts or cases used to store covered tools;
2. Accessories for covered tools whether attached or not.
B. Collector Vehicle Spare Parts, including parts that are specifically designed and held for use in the
maintenance and operation of any collector vehicles, whether insured by us or not. Collector Vehicle Spare
Parts shall not include parts held:
1. For use in “regular use vehicles”; or
2. As collectible personal property.
SPECIAL LIMITS ON WHAT WE WILL PAY FOR UNSCHEDULED PROPERTY
In addition to the amount of insurance for the class of property insured, the following special limits on what we will
pay apply to unscheduled property:
A. Limit for Property Being Mailed or Shipped
The limit of coverage we provide for unscheduled property being mailed or shipped is not more than $1,000.
An adult’s signature is required on the mailing or shipping receipt.
B. Limit for Property Away from Residence
The limit of coverage we provide for unscheduled property stored away from your primary or secondary
residence is 10% of the amount of insurance for the class, unless we have agreed to an alternate storage
location in writing.
SC 501 FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 501 FL 06 26
However, this limitation does not apply to property:
12or
/11rebuilt
and
A. Moved from the residence because the residence is being repaired, renovated,
is 
not26
fit to live
in or store property in;
B. Kept in a locked utility/transport-type trailer specifically intended to house such property; or
C. In a newly acquired principal residence for 90 days from the time you begin to move the property there.
PROPERTY NOT COVERED
We do not cover:
A. Items in the custody of professional movers or haulers.
B. Contraband, or property in the course of illegal transportation or trade.
C. Unscheduled property while on or attached to a boat. However, we will cover property in the course of shipping
if we have agreed to this in writing in advance of shipment.
D. Any item while attached to a vehicle.
E. Dealer stock.
F. “Business” or commercial property.
G. Unscheduled property held for sale while away from your primary or secondary residence.
H. Items being shipped by mail other than by:
1. Registered mail;
2. Certified mail; or
3. Other similar shipping or courier service which provides package tracking;
unless we agree to cover in writing, in advance of its shipment date.
I.
Unscheduled property left behind in a hotel room after check-out.
COVERED PERILS
We insure against risk of direct physical loss to covered property unless the loss is caused by a peril that is
excluded.
EXCLUDED PERILS
We do not insure the following. Such loss is excluded regardless of any other cause or event contributing
concurrently or in any sequence to the loss. These exclusions apply whether or not the loss event results in
widespread damage or affects a substantial area:
A. Loss that results from:
1. Wear and tear;
2. Deterioration;
3. Hidden defect; or
4. Any quality in property that causes it to damage or destroy itself.
B. Loss caused by or that results from birds, insects, or animals, including any related nesting, infestation,
discharge, or release of waste products or secretions.
C. Loss caused by or that results from any repairing, restoration, refinishing, or retouching process.
However, if a fire or explosion results, we do cover the loss caused by fire or explosion.
D. Loss caused by or that results from breakage.
We do cover breakage caused by:
1. Fire or lightning;
2. Explosion, aircraft, or collision;
SC 501 FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 501 FL 06 26
3. Windstorm, earthquake, or flood;
4. Malicious damage or theft; or
5. Derailment or overturn of a conveyance.
E. Loss caused by or that results from neglect. Neglect means an “insured” failed to use all reasonable means
to save and preserve property at and after the time of loss.
F. Loss caused by or that results from:
1. Fading, creasing, denting, scratching, tearing, or thinning; or
2. Transfer of colors, inherent defect, dampness, extremes of temperature, or depreciation.
G. For unscheduled blanket property, loss caused by theft from any unattended auto.
H. Loss caused by the infidelity of any person to whom the property was entrusted.
I.
Loss caused by or that results from mechanical or electrical breakdown.
J.
Loss caused by or that results from any power surge, unless a surge protector was used.
K. Loss or damage caused by or that results from an intentional act committed by or at the direction of an
“insured”. An intentional act includes any voluntary act in which the intended outcome results in loss or
damage to the insured property.
DEDUCTIBLE
We will pay only that part of the total of all loss payable under this endorsement that exceeds the deductible
amount shown in the Declarations or Schedule for the class or item. If more than one deductible applies in any
one loss, the largest applicable deductible will be used.
However, any loss caused by theft, misplacing, or losing of unscheduled property is subject to a minimum
deductible of $250 per loss.
LOSS CONDITIONS
Loss Settlement
A. Standard Loss Settlement – Unscheduled Property – Blanket
1. The value of the property in the Declarations or Schedule will be determined at the time of loss.
We will not pay more than the least of the following amounts:
a. The amount for which the article or item could reasonably be expected to be repaired to its
condition immediately prior to loss;
b. The amount for which the article or item could reasonably be expected to be replaced with one
substantially identical to it;
c.
The “market value” of the article or item;
d. The amount of insurance for the class; or
e. For any one item, the per item limit shown in the Declarations or Schedule.
2. Loss to a Pair, Set, or Parts
If the item consists of a pair, set, or several parts when complete, we may elect to:
a. Repair or replace any part to restore the pair or set to its value before the loss;
b. Pay the difference between the “actual cash value” of the property before and after the loss; or
c.
Pay for the value of the part lost or damaged.
3. Recovered Property
If you or we recover any property for which we have made payment under this endorsement, you or
we will notify the other of the recovery. At your option, the property will be returned to or retained by
you or it will become our property. If the recovered property is returned to or retained by you, we will
adjust the loss payment based on the amount you received for the recovered property.
SC 501 FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 501 FL 06 26
4. Property of Others
Property of others loaned or leased to the insured, and which the insured
is
required
to 
insure,
26 or for
which the insured may be liable, will be valued at the lesser of:
a. The amount agreed upon in the loan or lease agreement;
b. The amount for which the article or item could reasonably be expected to be replaced with one
substantially identical to it; or
c.
Its “market value”.
5. Property Not Insured to Full Value
Any loss payment we make will be reduced if you do not insure the covered property for its full value.
We will pay only that proportion of any loss on an unscheduled collection that the amount of blanket
insurance bears to the “actual cash value” of such property at the time of loss.
B. Standard Loss Settlement – Scheduled Property
1. The value of each scheduled article or item in the Schedule is not agreed upon but will be determined
at the time of loss.
We will not pay more than the least of the following amounts:
a. The amount for which the article or item could reasonably be expected to be repaired to its
condition immediately prior to loss;
b. The amount for which the article or item could reasonably be expected to be replaced with one
substantially identical to it;
c.
The amount of insurance; or
d. For any one item, the per item limit shown in the Declarations or Schedule.
2. Schedule on File
When Schedule on File is listed in the Schedule, we cover the items listed in a schedule which you
must submit to us. The schedule must contain:
a. A description for each item; and
b. A limit for each item.
Loss Clause
We will not reduce the amount of insurance under this endorsement except for a total loss of scheduled
property. We will refund the unearned premium for that property after the loss or you may apply the refund to
the premium due for its replacement.
PART D – COVERAGE FOR DAMAGE TO YOUR COVERED AUTO
With the exception of the Appraisal provision, PART D – COVERAGE FOR DAMAGE TO YOUR COVERED
AUTO does not apply to the property covered by this endorsement.
PART E – DUTIES AFTER AN ACCIDENT OR LOSS
In case of a loss to property covered by this endorsement, the following also applies:
E. A person seeking coverage must:
1. Prepare an inventory of damaged property showing the quantity, description, value, cost, and amount of
loss. Attach all bills, receipts, and related documents that justify the figures in the inventory;
2. Notify the police as soon as reasonably possible if the property is subject to a crime and file a report with
the proper authorities as soon as practicable;
3. As often as we reasonably request:
a. Show us, or our representative, the damaged property;
b. Provide us with records and documents we request and permit us to make copies; and
SC 501 FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 501 FL 06 26
c.
Send to us, as soon as reasonably possible, your signed, sworn proof
which
sets forth, to the
of
Reloss
best of your knowledge and belief:
1) The time and cause of loss;
2) The interests of all “insureds” and all others in the property involved and all liens on the property;
3) Other insurance or service agreements which may cover the loss; and
4) The inventory of damaged property described in 1. above.
PART F – GENERAL PROVISIONS applies to the property covered by this endorsement, if applicable, except as
changed or added below.
The PAYMENT OF LOSS provision is replaced by the following:
LOSS PAYMENT
We will adjust all losses with you. We will pay you unless some other person is named in the policy or is legally
entitled to receive payment. Loss will be payable upon the earliest of the following:
A. 20 days after we receive your proof of loss and reach written agreement with you;
B. 60 days after we receive your proof of loss and:
1. There is an entry of a final judgment; or
2. There is a filing of an appraisal award or a mediation settlement with us; or
C. If payment is not denied, within 90 days after we receive notice of claim. However, this paragraph C. does
not apply if factors beyond our control reasonably prevent such payment.
The following provisions are changed to include the property covered by this endorsement, in addition to “your
covered auto”:
A. MEDIATION
B. OUR RIGHT TO RECOVER PAYMENT
C. TRANSFER OF YOUR INTEREST IN THIS POLICY
The following provisions are added:
INSURABLE INTEREST AND LIMIT OF LIABILITY
Even if more than one person has an insurable interest in the property covered, we will not be liable in any
one loss:
1. To an “insured” for more than the amount of such “insured’s” interest at the time of loss; or
2. For more than the applicable amount of insurance.
INSURANCE NOT TO BENEFIT OTHERS
No person or organization having custody of the property who is paid or to be paid for services shall benefit
from this insurance.
All other policy provisions apply.
SC 501 FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
