State Farm Classic+ endorsement SC 500 FL 06 26: Collectible Personal Property Endorsement – Florida
Form: SC 500 FL
Insurers: State Farm Classic Insurance Company (collector vehicles, administered by Hagerty)
Product: classic_plus
Source: Florida OIR IRFS filing 25-056482 (approved 01/15/2026), document 554624
Extraction: pdftotext; OIR approval stamp and page numbers removed
Retrieved: 2026-09-26

SC 500 FL 06 26
PLEASE READ THIS ENDORSEMENT CAREFULLY AS IT CHANGES
YOUR
POLICY
COLLECTIBLE PERSONAL PROPERTY ENDORSEMENT
– FLORIDA
AGREEMENT
We cover the classes and items of collectible personal property described below in return for the premium shown
in the Declarations.
DEFINITIONS
For purposes of the coverage provided in this endorsement, the following definitions are added:
A. “Actual cash value” means the amount it would cost to repair or replace the covered property, at the time of
loss or damage, with material of like kind and quality, subject to a deduction for deterioration, depreciation,
and obsolescence.
B. “Insured” means you or any “family member” for the ownership, maintenance, or use of the covered property.
C. “Market value” means the price which the property might be expected to realize if offered for sale by a willing
seller to a willing buyer in a fair market on the date of loss or damage.
PROPERTY COVERED
We cover the property insured under this endorsement when owned by, or in the custody or control of, an “insured”
while it is anywhere in the world, unless otherwise noted.
A. Scheduled Property
We cover the item(s) described in the Declarations or Schedule only if an amount of insurance and premium
is shown for that property.
B. Unscheduled Property – Blanket Insurance
We cover the property listed in the Declarations or Schedule only if a blanket amount of insurance and
premium is shown for that class of property.
The amount of insurance shown for such property is limited by the Loss Settlement provision in this endorsement.
PERSONAL PROPERTY WE INSURE
Automobilia. This class includes:
A. Badges and pinbacks;
B. Bronzes and statues;
C. Cast iron toys;
D. Gas or oil containers and dispensers;
E. Hood ornaments;
F. Non-powered models;
G. Publications, signs, and posters;
H. Station displays;
I.
Wall decorations; or
J.
Any other historic or collectible item linked with motor vehicles, motorcycles, motorsports, or “your covered
auto”.
Automobilia does not include:
A. “Your covered auto”;
B. Fully or partially complete vehicles; or
C. Vehicle components, spare parts, or equipment, unless ownership is as a memento or for artistic display
rather than for practical use.
SC 500 FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 500 FL 06 26
SPECIAL LIMITS ON WHAT WE WILL PAY FOR UNSCHEDULED PROPERTY
12special
In addition to the amount of insurance for the class of property insured, the following
limits
on 
what
26 we will
pay apply to unscheduled property:
A. Limit for Property Being Mailed or Shipped
The limit of coverage we provide for unscheduled property being mailed or shipped is not more than $1,000.
An adult’s signature is required on the mailing or shipping receipt.
B. Limit for Property Away from Residence
The limit of coverage we provide for unscheduled property stored away from your primary or secondary
residence is 10% of the amount of insurance for the class, unless we have agreed to an alternate storage
location in writing.
However, this limitation does not apply to property:
1. Moved from the residence because the residence is being repaired, renovated, or rebuilt and is not fit to
live in or store property in; or
2. In a newly acquired principal residence for 90 days from the time you begin to move the property there.
PROPERTY NOT COVERED
We do not cover:
A. Articles:
1. In the custody of a dealer, art gallery, art institution, auction house or room, or museum open to the public
when insured in the name of such entities;
2. Property exhibited at fair grounds or on the premises of national or international expositions; or
3. Owned by and insured for account of Federal, State, County, or Municipal authorities.
B. Contraband, or property in the course of illegal transportation or trade.
C. Unscheduled property while on or attached to a boat. However, we will cover property in the course of shipping
if we have agreed to this in writing in advance of shipment.
D. Automobilia while attached to any vehicle.
E. Dealer stock.
F. “Business”, or commercial property.
G. Unscheduled property held for sale while away from your primary or secondary residence.
H. Items being shipped by mail other than by:
1. Registered mail;
2. Certified mail; or
3. Other similar shipping or courier service which provides package tracking;
unless we agree to cover in writing, in advance of its shipment date.
I.
Unscheduled property left behind in a hotel room after check-out.
EXTRA COVERAGES
The following additional coverages are provided, subject to the provisions that exclude, restrict, or limit coverage
in this endorsement:
A. Display Property
We provide up to $250 for albums, containers, frames, cards, and display cabinets used with a collection and
damaged by a covered loss.
B. Newly Acquired Property
We cover newly acquired property of the classes already insured.
SC 500 FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 500 FL 06 26
The limit for this coverage is 30% of the amount of insurance for its class orDa$10,000,
whichever
is less. This
coverage is also subject to LOSS CONDITIONS, Loss Settlement, item A.2. 12
below.
Newly acquired property purchased through an internet transaction is also covered for:
1. Misrepresentation;
2. Non-authenticity; and
3. Defective title;
for an amount not more than $250 per loss, subject to a deductible of $100.
You must:
1. Report it to us within 90 days of the date acquired; and
2. Pay the premium due for the item from the date acquired. If not reported, coverage for any newly acquired
property will cease after 90 days.
C. Property on Exhibition
We cover up to $1,000 for loss or damage to property entered into any judged exhibition. However, there is
no coverage if the loss or damage is caused by theft, misplacing, or losing.
We will apply a deductible to each loss in the amount of:
1. $100; or
2. The deductible shown in the Declarations or Schedule for the covered property;
whichever is greater.
SUPPLEMENTARY PAYMENTS
Your Time
We will pay up to $100 for your time to research, replace, or recover lost or damaged items after a covered
loss.
COVERED PERILS
We insure against risk of direct physical loss to covered property unless the loss is caused by a peril that is
excluded.
EXCLUDED PERILS
We do not insure the following. Such loss is excluded regardless of any other cause or event contributing
concurrently or in any sequence to the loss. These exclusions apply whether or not the loss event results in
widespread damage or affects a substantial area:
A. Loss that results from:
1. Wear and tear;
2. Deterioration;
3. Hidden defect; or
4. Any quality in property that causes it to damage or destroy itself.
B. Loss caused by or that results from birds, insects, or animals, including any related nesting, infestation,
discharge, or release of waste products or secretions.
C. Loss caused by or that results from any repairing, restoration, or retouching process.
However, if a fire or explosion results, we do cover the loss caused by fire or explosion.
D. Loss caused by or that results from neglect. Neglect means an “insured” failed to use all reasonable means
to save and preserve property at and after the time of loss.
E. For unscheduled blanket property:
Loss caused by theft from any unattended auto or trailer without visible signs of forced entry. However, any
SC 500 FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 500 FL 06 26
coverage we provide for theft from an unattended auto or trailer will be subject
deductible
of:
to
Reacei
1. $100; or
2. The deductible shown in the Declarations or Schedule for the covered property;
whichever is greater.
F. Loss caused by the infidelity of any person to whom the property was entrusted.
G. Loss caused by or that results from mechanical or electrical breakdown.
H. Loss caused by or that results from any power surge, unless a surge protector was used.
I.
Loss or damage caused by or that results from an intentional act committed by or at the direction of an
“insured”. An intentional act includes any voluntary act in which the intended outcome results in loss or
damage to the insured property. However, this exclusion does not apply to an innocent co-insured if the loss
occurred because of domestic violence or abuse.
J.
Loss caused by or that results from breakage of art glass windows, glassware, statuary, marble, bric-a-brac,
porcelains, and similar fragile articles, unless the Declarations or Schedule indicates that the insured articles
or classes include breakage.
However, we do cover breakage caused by:
1. Fire or lightning;
2. Explosion, aircraft, or collision;
3. Windstorm, earthquake, or flood;
4. Malicious damage or theft; or
5. Derailment or overturn of a conveyance.
DEDUCTIBLE
We will pay only that part of the total of all loss payable under this endorsement that exceeds the deductible
amount shown in the Declarations or Schedule for the class or item. If more than one deductible applies in any
one loss, the largest applicable deductible will be used.
LOSS CONDITIONS
Loss Settlement
A. Standard Loss Settlement – Unscheduled Property – Blanket
1. The value of the property in the Declarations or Schedule will be determined at the time of loss.
We will not pay more than the least of the following amounts:
a. The amount for which the article or item could reasonably be expected to be repaired to its
condition immediately prior to loss;
b. The amount for which the article or item could reasonably be expected to be replaced with one
substantially identical to it;
c.
The “market value” of the article or item;
d. The amount of insurance for the class; or
e. For any one item, the per item limit shown in the Declarations or Schedule.
2. Newly Acquired Property
For newly acquired property, we will not pay more than the least of the following amounts:
a. The “actual cash value” of the article or item at the time of loss;
b. The amount for which the article or item could reasonably be expected to be repaired to its
condition immediately prior to loss;
c.
The “market value” of the article or item;
SC 500 FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 500 FL 06 26
d. The limit of coverage; or
e. For any one item, the per item limit shown in the Declarations or Schedule.
3. Loss to a Pair, Set, or Parts
If the article or item consists of a pair, set, or several parts when complete, we may elect to:
a. Repair or replace any part to restore the pair or set to its value before the loss;
b. Pay the difference between the “actual cash value” of the property before and after the loss; or
c.
Pay for the value of the part lost or damaged.
4. Recovered Property
If you or we recover any property for which we have made payment under this endorsement, you or
we will notify the other of the recovery. At your option, the property will be returned to or retained by
you or it will become our property. If the recovered property is returned to or retained by you, we will
adjust the loss payment based on the amount you received for the recovered property.
5. Property of Others
Property of others loaned or leased to the insured, and which the insured is required to insure, or for
which the insured may be liable, will be valued at the lesser of:
a. The amount agreed upon in the loan or lease agreement;
b. The amount for which the article or item could reasonably be expected to be replaced with one
substantially identical to it; or
c.
Its “market value”.
6. Property Not Insured to Full Value
Any loss payment we make will be reduced if you do not insure the covered property for its full value.
We will pay only that proportion of any loss on an unscheduled collection that the amount of blanket
insurance bears to the “actual cash value” of such property at the time of loss.
B. Guaranteed Value® Loss Settlement – Scheduled Property Only
1. When an item is designated with Guaranteed Value® coverage in the Declarations or Schedule, we
will pay the full amount shown in the Declarations or Schedule for each article or item. That amount
is agreed to be the value of the article or item.
At our request you will surrender the article or item to us if not lost or stolen.
2. Loss to a Pair, Set, or Parts
If the article or item consists of a pair, set, or several parts when complete:
a. We will pay the full amount shown in the Declarations or Schedule for that pair, set, or complete
article or item; and
b. At our request, you will surrender it to us if it is not lost or stolen.
3. In the event a lost or stolen article or item is recovered, you will surrender it to us.
4. We will, at your request, sell back to you the item you surrendered to us to comply with the above
terms at a discount of five percent below its fair market salvage value.
5. Schedule on File
When Schedule on File is listed in the Schedule, we cover the items listed in a schedule which you
must submit to us. The schedule must contain:
a. A description for each item; and
b. A limit for each item.
Loss Clause
We will not reduce the amount of insurance under this endorsement except for a total loss of scheduled
SC 500 FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 500 FL 06 26
property. We will refund the unearned premium for that property after the loss
or
you
may
apply the refund to
the premium due for its replacement.
PART D – COVERAGE FOR DAMAGE TO YOUR COVERED AUTO
With the exception of the Appraisal provision, PART D – COVERAGE FOR DAMAGE TO YOUR COVERED
AUTO does not apply to the property covered by this endorsement.
PART E – DUTIES AFTER AN ACCIDENT OR LOSS
In case of a loss to Collectible Personal Property, the following also applies:
A person seeking coverage must:
1. Prepare an inventory of damaged property showing the quantity, description, value, cost, and amount of
loss. Attach all bills, receipts, and related documents that justify the figures in the inventory.
2. Notify the police as soon as reasonably possible if the property is subject to a crime and file a report with
the proper authorities as soon as practicable.
3. As often as we reasonably request:
a. Show us, or our representative, the damaged property;
b. Provide us with records and documents we request and permit us to make copies; and
c.
Send to us, as soon as reasonably possible, your signed, sworn proof of loss which sets forth, to the
best of your knowledge and belief:
1) The time and cause of loss;
2) The interests of all “insureds” and all others in the property involved and all liens on the property;
3) Other insurance which may cover the loss; and
4) The inventory of damaged property described in 1. above.
PART F – GENERAL PROVISIONS
PART F – GENERAL PROVISIONS applies to the property covered by this endorsement, if applicable, except as
deleted, changed, or added below:
The Payment of Loss provision is replaced by the following:
LOSS PAYMENT
We will adjust all losses with you. We will pay you unless some other person is named in the policy or is
legally entitled to receive payment. Loss will be payable upon the earliest of the following:
A. 20 days after we receive your proof of loss and reach written agreement with you;
B. 60 days after we receive your proof of loss and:
1. There is an entry of a final judgment; or
2. There is a filing of an appraisal award or a mediation settlement with us; or
C. If payment is not denied, within 90 days after we receive notice of claim. However, this paragraph C.
does not apply if factors beyond our control reasonably prevent such payment.
POLICY PERIOD AND TERRITORY
The policy territory for property covered by this endorsement is extended to worldwide, except as stated in
the TRADE OR ECONOMIC SANCTIONS provision of the policy.
The following provisions are changed to include the property covered by this endorsement, in addition to “your
covered auto”:
A. MEDIATION
B. OUR RIGHT TO RECOVER PAYMENT
C. TRANSFER OF YOUR INTEREST IN THIS POLICY
SC 500 FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
SC 500 FL 06 26
The following provisions are added:
A. INSURABLE INTEREST AND LIMIT OF LIABILITY
Even if more than one person has an insurable interest in the property covered, we will not be liableLA
inTIO
any
one loss:
1. To an “insured” for more than the amount of such “insured’s” interest at the time of loss; or
2. For more than the applicable amount of insurance.
B. INSURANCE NOT TO BENEFIT OTHERS
No person or organization having custody of the property who is paid or to be paid for services shall benefit
from this insurance.
All other policy provisions apply.
SC 500 FL 06 26
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc., with its permission.
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
