State Farm Classic+ form SC CS 101 FL 06 26: Coverage Selection Form – Florida, Personal Injury Protection Coverage
Form: SC CS 101 FL
Insurers: State Farm Classic Insurance Company (collector vehicles, administered by Hagerty)
Product: classic_plus
Source: Florida OIR IRFS filing 25-056482 (approved 01/15/2026), document 554628
Extraction: pdftotext; OIR approval stamp and page numbers removed
Retrieved: 2026-09-26

SC CS 101 FL 06 26
COVERAGE SELECTION FORM – FLORIDA
PERSONAL INJURY PROTECTION
COVERAGE
Please return this completed form to Hagerty in one of the following ways:
E-sign: Contact your State Farm agent to have an email sent to you for electronic signature
Email: photo@hagerty.com
Fax: +1 231-941-8227
Mail: Hagerty, PO BOX 1303, Traverse City, MI 49685-1303
Florida law requires that we provide Personal Injury Protection to the Named Insured, any dependent family
member unless excluded, persons operating the insured motor vehicle, passengers in the motor vehicle, and
other persons struck by the motor vehicle and suffering bodily injury while not an occupant of a self-propelled
vehicle at a limit of $10,000 in medical and disability benefits and $5,000 in death benefits resulting from bodily
injury, sickness, disease, or death arising out of the ownership, maintenance, or use of a motor vehicle.
The Named Insured may elect a deductible and to exclude coverage for loss of gross income and loss of earning
capacity (lost wages). These elections apply to the Named Insured alone, or to the Named Insured and any
dependent family member. A premium reduction will result from these elections. The Named Insured is hereby
advised not to elect the lost wage exclusion if the Named Insured or any dependent “family members” are
employed, since lost wages will not be payable in the event of an accident.
1. PERSONAL INJURY PROTECTION DEDUCTIBLE OPTIONS
$250
$500
Named Insured Only
$1,000
OR
Named Insured and any Dependent Family Members
2. PERSONAL INJURY PROTECTION – EXCLUSION OF WORK LOSS
Named Insured Only
Named Insured and any Dependent “Family Members”
AGREEMENT
Coverage is generally described here. Only your policy provides you with a complete description of the coverages
and their limitations.
I understand that my selections apply to all insureds under, and all vehicles on, my policy, including any additional
or replacement vehicles, and to all future policy renewals, replacements, reinstatements, endorsements,
continuations, and amendments in my policy unless I request different coverage in writing.
Any person who knowingly and with intent to injure, defraud, or deceive any insurer files a statement of
claim or an application containing any false, incomplete, or misleading information is guilty of a felony of
the third degree.
Named Insured’s Signature
Named Insured’s Printed Name
Quote/Policy Number
The State Farm Classic+® Policy is underwritten by State Farm Classic Insurance Company.
SC CS 101 FL 06 26
Customer Number:
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
