State Farm Classic+ notice SC N 002 FL 06 26: Uninsured Motorist Coverage Annual Notice of Option to Change Coverage – Florida
Form: SC N 002 FL
Insurers: State Farm Classic Insurance Company (collector vehicles, administered by Hagerty)
Product: classic_plus
Source: Florida OIR IRFS filing 25-056482 (approved 01/15/2026), document 554638
Extraction: pdftotext; OIR approval stamp and page numbers removed
Retrieved: 2026-09-26

SC N 002 FL 06 26
Uninsured Motorist Coverage:
Annual Notice of Option to Change Coverage – 12/11
Florida
Uninsured Motorist Coverage pays anyone legally entitled to recover damages from owners or operators
of an
uninsured motor vehicle because of bodily injury, sickness, or disease, including death, resulting therefrom. Other
benefits, such as certain medical expenses, lost wages, and pain and suffering, subject to limitations and
conditions contained in the policy, are also included.
This coverage may be carried with any available limit up to, and equal to, the Bodily Injury Liability Coverage limit
of your State Farm Classic+® policy. Uninsured Motorist Coverage may be purchased on a ‘stacked’* or ‘nonstacked’ limit basis.
Unless you choose another option, insurance policies that provide Liability Coverage must also include Uninsured
Motorist Coverage equal to the Bodily Injury Liability limit in your policy.
You have the option to:
1. Reject Uninsured Motorist Coverage entirely;
2. Select Uninsured Motorist Coverage at the limit equal to your current Bodily Injury Liability limit (either
‘stacked’ or ‘non-stacked’); or
3. Select Uninsured Motorist Coverage at a limit less than your current Bodily Injury Liability limit (either
‘stacked’ or ‘non-stacked’).
Your Uninsured Motorist Coverage selection/rejection applies to:
1. All insureds under, and all vehicles on, this policy; and
2. Any additional or replacement vehicles that you may add in the future; and
3. All future policy renewals, replacements, reinstatements, endorsements, continuations, and amendments
in your policy if issued at the same Bodily Injury Liability Coverage limits as when this selection/rejection
was made;
unless you notify us otherwise in writing.
If you would like to change your coverage selection, please contact your State Farm agent.
*PLEASE NOTE THAT IF THE NAMED INSURED IS NOT A NATURAL PERSON, COVERAGE IS ONLY
AVAILABLE AND PROVIDED ON A ‘NON-STACKED’ BASIS.
SC N 002 FL 06 26
State Farm Classic Insurance Company
