Florida Statutes (2026) § 627.0653 Insurance discounts for specified motor vehicle equipment.
Source: http://www.leg.state.fl.us/statutes/index.cfm?App_mode=Display_Statute&URL=0600-0699/0627/Sections/0627.0653.html
Retrieved: 2026-09-26

(1) Any rates, rating schedules, or rating manuals for the liability, personal injury protection, and collision coverages of a motor vehicle insurance policy filed with the office shall provide a premium discount if the insured vehicle is equipped with factory-installed, four-wheel antilock brakes.
(2) Each insurer writing motor vehicle comprehensive coverage in this state shall include in its rating manual discount provisions for comprehensive coverage which specifically relate to an antitheft device or vehicle recovery system utilized in the insured vehicle which are factory installed or approved by the office. The commission shall adopt, by rule, procedures under which manufacturers, distributors, or sellers may apply to the office for approval of non-factory-installed devices under this subsection. The rules must include, at a minimum, the test results that must accompany the application and the standards for approval.
(3) Any rates, rating schedules, or rating manuals for personal injury protection coverage and medical payments coverage, if offered, of a motor vehicle insurance policy filed with the office shall provide a premium discount if the insured vehicle is equipped with one or more air bags which are factory installed.
(4) The removal of a discount or credit does not constitute the imposition of, or request for, additional premium or a surcharge if the basis for the discount or credit no longer exists or is substantially eliminated.
(5) Each insurer writing motor vehicle comprehensive coverage in this state may provide a premium discount for this coverage if the insured vehicle has the complete manufacturer’s vehicle identification number permanently etched on the windshield and all windows of the vehicle. The etching must be by a tool or process that does not destroy the integrity of the glass or visibility for the operator of the motor vehicle. The identification numbers and letters must be at least 1/4 inch in height. A sticker may identify the presence of this identification system. The commission may, by rule, set forth appropriate guidelines to implement this subsection.
(6) The Office of Insurance Regulation may approve a premium discount to any rates, rating schedules, or rating manuals for the liability, personal injury protection, and collision coverages of a motor vehicle insurance policy filed with the office if the insured vehicle is equipped with an automated driving system or electronic vehicle collision avoidance technology that is factory installed or a retrofitted system and that complies with National Highway Traffic Safety Administration standards.
History.—ss. 37, 52, ch. 90-119; ss. 23, 109, 114, ch. 92-318; s. 1072, ch. 2003-261; s. 42, ch. 2014-216; s. 15, ch. 2019-101.
