Florida Statutes (2026) § 627.0652 Insurance discounts for certain persons completing safety course.
Source: http://www.leg.state.fl.us/statutes/index.cfm?App_mode=Display_Statute&URL=0600-0699/0627/Sections/0627.0652.html
Retrieved: 2026-09-26

(1) Any rates, rating schedules, or rating manuals for the liability, personal injury protection, and collision coverages of a motor vehicle insurance policy filed with the office shall provide for an appropriate reduction in premium charges as to such coverages when the principal operator on the covered vehicle is an insured 55 years of age or older who has successfully completed a motor vehicle accident prevention course approved by the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles. Any discount used by an insurer is presumed to be appropriate unless credible data demonstrates otherwise.
(2) The premium reduction required by this section shall be effective for an insured for a 3-year period after successful completion of the approved course, except that the insurer may require, as a condition of maintaining the discount, that the insured:
  (a) Not be involved in an accident for which the insured is at fault; and
  (b) Not be convicted of or plead guilty or nolo contendere to a moving traffic violation.
(3) The Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles shall approve motor vehicle accident prevention courses for the purposes of this section. The Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles shall consider the competency of the personnel offering the course, the quality of the content and activities of the course with respect to its capability to prevent accidents by persons age 55 or older who complete the course, and the reasonableness of the fee for the course. The Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles shall establish the minimum number of hours necessary for completion of a course. A course approved by the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles shall require each person completing the course to pass a written test given by the course evaluating the person’s knowledge of the content of the course.
(4) The organization offering the course shall, upon a person’s successful completion of the course, issue the person a certificate that the person may use to qualify for the premium discount required by this section.
(5) This section does not apply if the approved course is taken as punishment specified by a court or other governmental entity resulting from a moving traffic violation.
History.—s. 1, ch. 85-244; s. 1, ch. 86-286; s. 1, ch. 88-250; ss. 22, 114, ch. 92-318; s. 1071, ch. 2003-261.
